--- Page 1 ---
I
(Legislative acts)
REGUL ATIONS
REGUL ATION (EU) 2023/1781 OF THE EUR OPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL 
of 13 September 2023
establishing a framew ork of measures for strengthening Europe’s semiconduct or ecosys tem and 
amending Regulation (EU) 2021/694 (Chips Act) 
(Text with EEA relevance) 
THE EUR OPEAN PARLIAMENT AND THE COUNCIL OF THE EUR OPEAN UNION,
Havi ng regard to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, and in particular Article 173(3) and Article 114 
thereof,
Havi ng regar d to the proposal from the European Commission,
After transmission of the draf t legislative act to the national parliaments,
Havi ng regar d to the opinion of the European Economic and Social Committee (1),
Havi ng regar d to the opinion of the Committ ee of the Regions (2),
Acting in accordance with the ordinar y legislative procedure (3),
Whereas:
(1) Semiconducto rs are at the core of any digital device and the Union’s digital transition: from smar tphones and cars, 
through critical applications and infrastr uctures in health, energy , communications and automation to most other 
industr y sectors . As semiconductors are central to the digital econom y, they are powerful enablers for the 
sustainability and green transition, contr ibuting thus to the objectives of the Commission communication of 
11 December 2019 on ‘The European Green Deal’. While semiconduct ors are essential to the functioning of toda y’s 
econom y and society as well as defence and secur ity, the Union has witnessed unprecedent ed disruptions in their 
supply , the consequences of whic h are signif icant. The current disrupti ons have exposed long-lasting vulnerabilities 
in this respect, in particular a strong third-countr y dependency in manuf actur ing and design of chips. Member 
State s are primar ily responsible for maintaining a strong industr ial, competiti ve, sustainable base in the Union 
promoting innovation across a full range of chips.
(2) A framew ork for increasing the Union’s resilience in the field of semiconduct or technologies should be established, 
reinf orcing the Union’s semiconduct or ecosystem by reducing dependencies, enhancing digital sovereignty , 
stimulating investment, strengthening the capabilities, secur ity, adap tability and resilience of the Union’s 
semiconduct or supply chain, and increasing cooperation among the Member State s, the Commission and 
internati onal strateg ic partners.
(1)OJ C 365, 23.9.2022, p. 34.
(2)OJ C 498, 30.12.2022, p. 94.
(3)Position of the European Parliament of 11 July 2023 (not yet published in the Offi cial Jour nal) and decision of the Council of 25 July 
2023.EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union 18.9.2023 L 229/1  

--- Page 2 ---
(3) This framew ork pursues two general objectives. The first objective is to ensure the conditions necessar y for the 
competitiveness and inno vation capacity of the Union, to ensure the adjustment of the industr y to structural 
changes due to fast innovati on cycles and the need for sustainability , and to strengthen the Union-wide 
semiconduct or ecosyste m with pooled kno wledge, exper tise, resources and common strengths. The second 
objective, separate from and compl ementar y to the first, is to impro ve the functioning of the internal market by 
laying down a unif orm Union legal framew ork for increasing the Union’s long-t erm resilience and its ability to 
innovat e and provide secur ity of supply in the field of semiconductor technologies with a view to increasing 
robustness in order to count er disruptions.
(4) It is necessar y to take measures to build capacity and strengthen the Union’s semiconductor ecosystem in accordance 
with Article 173(3) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU). Those measures should not 
entail the harmonisation of national laws and regulations. In this regard, the Union should reinf orce the 
competitiveness and resilience of the semiconduct or technological and industr ial base, whilst strengthening the 
innovati on capacity of its semiconduct or ecosystem across the Union, reducing dependence on a limited number of 
third-countr y compan ies and geographies, and strengthening its capacity to design and produce, packag e, reuse and 
recy cle advanced semiconduct ors. The Chips for Europe Initiative (the ‘Initiative’ ) established by this Regulation 
should suppor t those aims by bridging the gap between the Union’s advanced research and innovati on capabilities 
and their sustainable industr ial exploitation. The Initiative should promot e capacity building to enable design, 
production and systems integrat ion in next-generation semiconduct or technologies, and should enhance 
collaboration among key players across the Union, strengthening the Union’s semiconduct or supply and value 
chains, serving key industr ial sectors and creating new mark ets.
(5) Due to the ubiquity of semiconduct ors, the recent shor tages have either directly or indirectly adversely affected 
businesses across the Union and induced strong economic repercussions. The economic and social impact has led 
to an increased consciousness of the public and of economic operators and a resulting pressure for Member States 
to address the strateg ic dependencies as regar ds semiconductors. At the same time, the semiconduct or sector is 
character ised by interdependencies across the value chain, where no sing le geograph y dominates all steps of the 
value chain. This cross-border nature is further emph asised by the nature of semiconduct or products as an enabler 
for down stream industr ies. While semiconduct or manuf actur ing may be concentrat ed in some regions, user 
industr ies are spread out across the Union. Agai nst this backg round, the secur ity of supply of semiconduct ors and 
resilience of the semiconductor ecosyste m can be best addressed through Union harmonising law on the basis of 
Article 114 TFEU. A sing le coherent regulatory framew ork harmonising certain conditions for operators to carry 
out specific projects that contr ibute to the secur ity of supply and resilience of the Union’s semiconduct or ecosystem 
is necessar y. Additionally , a coordinat ed mechani sm for monitori ng, strateg ic mapping, crisis prevention and 
response should be established to address shor tages of supply and prevent obstacles to the unity of the intern al 
mark et, avoiding differ ences in response among Member States.
(6) Strengthening the Union’s critical infrastr ucture and secur ity as well as its technological leadership requires both 
leading-edge and mature chips, in particular for future-proofing strategic sector s.
(7) The achi evement of those objectives should be suppor ted by a governance mechanism. At Union level, this 
Regulation should establish a European Semiconductor Board, compo sed of representatives of the Member States 
and chaired by the Commission, to facilitate a smooth, effective and harmonised implementation of this Regulation, 
cooperation and the exchange of information. The European Semiconducto r Board should provide advice to and 
assist the Commission on specific questions, including the consistent imple mentation of this Regulation, facilitating 
cooperation among Member States and exchanging information on issues relating to this Regulation. The European 
Semiconducto r Board should also advise the Commission on intern ational cooperation related to semiconduct ors. 
The European Semiconducto r Board should hold separate meetings for its tasks under the differ ent chapt ers of this 
Regulation. The different meetings may include differ ent compo sitions of the high-level representatives and the 
Commission may establish subgroups.EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union L 229/2 18.9.2023  

--- Page 3 ---
(8) Given the globalised nature of the semiconduct or supply chain, internati onal cooperation with third countr ies is an 
imp ortant element to achi eve resilience of the Union’ s semiconduct or ecosystem. The actions taken under this 
Regulation should also enable the Union to play a strong er role, as a centre of excellence, in a better functioning 
global, interdependent semiconduct or ecosystem. To that end, the European Semiconducto r Board should advise 
the Commission on matters concer ning coordinating those efforts and enhancing cooperation along the global 
semiconduct or value chain between the Union and third countr ies, consider , where relevant, the views of the 
Industr ial Alliance on Processors and Semiconducto r Techn ologies and of other stakeholders.
(9) In accordance with internati onal oblig ations and applicable procedural requirements the Union and Member States 
could engag e, including diplomatically , with internati onal strate gic partners that have advantag es in the 
semiconduct or industr y, with a view to seeking solutions to strengthen the secur ity of supply and to address future 
supply-ch ain disruptions of semiconductors, such as those resulting from third-countr y expor t restr ictions, and to 
identify the availability of raw mater ials and interm ediat e products. This may involve, where appropr iate, 
coordination in relevant internatio nal fora, concluding investment and trade agreements or other diplomatic efforts 
in accordance with the applicable procedural requirements or engag ement with relevant stak eholders.
(10) In order to build upon the commitment of meeting workf orce needs across the semiconduct or supply chain, the 
Commission should ensure synergies with existing Union programmes and it should suppor t and encourage 
Member States in setting up initiatives which contr ibut e to the exchange of academic kno wledge, with international 
strateg ic partners.
(11) It is a clear objective of the Union to promot e intern ational cooperation and knowledg e exchange on the basis of the 
Union’s inter ests, mutual benefits, international commitments, and, to the extent possible, reciprocity . Never theless, 
the infringe ment of intellectual proper ty (IP) rights, the unauthor ised disclosure of trade secrets, or the leakage of 
sensitive emerging technologies in the semiconduct or sector could compromise the interests of the secur ity of the 
Union. Against this backg round, the Commission is explor ing concrete proposals to strengthen the Union’s 
inve stment and expor t control frameworks. In addition, the Union and the Member States should cooperate with 
strateg ic partners to strengthen the joint technological and industr ial leadership in accordance with applicable 
procedural requirements.
(12) The semiconduct or sector is charact erised by very high development and innovation costs and very high costs for 
building state-of-the-ar t facilities for testing and validating to suppor t the industr ial production. This has direct 
imp act on the compe titiveness and inno vation capacity of the Union industr y, as well as on the secur ity of the 
supply and the resilience of the Union’s semiconduct or ecosystem. In light of the lessons learnt from recent 
shor tages in the Union and worldwide and the rapid evolution of technology challenges and innovati on cycles 
affecting the semiconduct or value chain, it is necessar y to reinf orce the Union’s existing strengths, thus increasing 
its compet itiveness, resilience, research and innovati on capacity by setting up the Initiative.
(13) Member State s are primar ily responsible for sustaining a strong Union industr ial, competitive, sustainable and 
innovati ve base. However , the nature and scale of the research and inno vation challeng es in semiconduct ors 
requires action to be taken collaboratively at Union level.
(14) In order to equip the Union with the semiconduct or technology research and innovation capacities needed to 
maintain the leading role of its research and industr ial investments at a leading edge, and bridge the current gap 
between research and development (R & D) and manuf actur ing, the Union and Member States should coordinate 
their efforts better and co-in vest. The current challenges of the Union’ s semiconduct or ecosystem call for the 
achi evement of large-scale capacity and require a collective effort by Member States, with the Union suppor ting the 
development and deplo yment of large-scale capacity . That collective effort includes provid ing financia l resources in 
line with the ambition of the Initiative to suppor t the development and widespread availability of innovati ve 
capacities and extensive digital infrastr uctures, compris ing a virtual design platf orm, pilot lines, including for 
quantum chips, and the diffusion of knowle dge, skills and compet ences for the benefit of the entire semiconduct or 
ecosystem. To achieve this, the Union and Member States should take into consideration the twin green and digital 
transition goals. In this regard, semiconductor devices and manufactur ing processes offer signif icant oppor tunities 
for decreasing the envi ronmental, and, in particular , the carbon impact of industr ies, thereby contr ibuting to the 
ambitions of, for instance, the Commission communication of 14 July 2021 entitled ‘Fit for 55’: deliver ing the EU’s EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union 18.9.2023 L 229/3  

--- Page 4 ---
2030 Climate Target on the way to climate neutrality’, the Recov ery and Resilience Faci lity established by Regulation 
(EU) 2021/241 of the European Parliament and of the Council (4)and the communication of the Commission of 
18 May 2022 entitled ‘REP owerEU plan’. The Initiative should throughout all compo nents and actions, to the extent 
possible, mainstream and maximise the benefi ts of application of semiconduct or technologies as powerful enablers 
for the sustainability transition that can lead to new products and more efficient, effective, clean and durable use of 
resources, including energy and mater ials necessar y for production and the whole lifecy cle use of semiconduct ors.
(15) In order to achieve its general objective, and address both the supply and demand side challenges of the current 
semiconduct or ecosyste m, the Initiative should include five operational objectives. First, to reinf orce the Union’s 
design capacity , the Initiative should suppor t actions to build a virtual design platf orm that is available across the 
Union. The virtual design platf orm should connect the communities of design houses, start-ups, SMEs and IP and 
tool suppliers and researc h and technology organisations to provid e virtual prototype solutions based on 
co-development of technology .
(16) Second, to provide the basis for strengthening the secur ity of supply and the Union’s semiconduct or ecosystem , the 
Initiative should suppor t enhancement of existing and development of new advanced pilot lines to enable 
development and deplo yment of cutting-edge semiconduct or technologies and next-gener ation semiconduct or 
technologies. The pilot lines should provid e for the industr y a facility to test, exper iment and validate 
semiconduct or technologies and system design concep ts at the higher technology readiness levels beyond level 3 
but under level 8, while reducing environmental imp acts as much as possible. Investments from the Union, 
alongside with Member States and the private sector, in pilot lines is necessar y to address the existing structural 
challenge and mark et failure where such facilities are not available in the Union hinder ing innovati on poten tial and 
global compet itiveness of the Union.
(17) Third, in order to accelerat e the innovati ve development of quantum chips and associated semiconduct or 
technologies, including those based on semiconduct or mater ial or integrated with photonics, conducive to the 
development of the semiconduct or sector , the Initiative should suppor t actions, including on design librar ies for 
quantum chips, pilot lines for building quantum chips and facilities for testing and validating quantum chips 
produced by the pilot lines.
(18) Four th, in order to promote the use of semiconductor technologies, to provide access to design and pilot line 
facilities, and to address skills gaps across the Union, the Initiative should provide Member States with the 
possibility to establish at least one compet ence centre on semiconductors in each Member State, by enhancing 
existing centres or creating new facilities. Access to publicly funded infrastr ucture, such as pilot and testing facilities, 
and to the compet ence centres, should be open to a wide rang e of users and should be grant ed on a transparent and 
non-discr iminator y basis and on market term s (or cost plus reasonable margin basis) for large under takings, while 
SMEs and academic institute s can benefit from pref erential access or reduced prices. Such access, including for 
internati onal research and commercial partners, can lead to broader cross-fer tilisation and gains in kno w-how and 
excellen ce, while contr ibuting to cost recovery .
(19) Fifth, the Commission should establish a dedicat ed semiconduct or investment facility suppor t, as part of the 
inve stment facilitation activities descr ibed collectively as the ‘Chips Fund’ , proposing both equity and debt solutions, 
including a blending facility under the InvestEU Fund established by Regulation (EU) 2021/523 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council (5), in close cooperation with the European Investment Bank Group and together 
with other implementing partners such as national promotional banks and institutions. The Chips Fund activities 
should suppor t the development of a dynamic and resilient semiconductor ecosystem by provi ding oppor tunities 
for increased availability of funds to suppor t the growth of start-ups and SMEs as well as investments across the 
value chain, including for other compan ies in the semiconduct or value chain. In this regard, suppor t and clear 
guidance should be provid ed, in particular to SMEs, with the aim of assisting them in the application process. In this 
conte xt, the European Innovatio n Council is expecte d to provide further dedicate d suppor t through grants and 
equity investments to high risk, mark et creating inno vators.
(4)Regulation (EU) 2021/241 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 Febr uary 2021 establishing the Recovery and 
Resilience Facility (OJ L 57, 18.2.2021, p. 17).
(5)Regulation (EU) 2021/523 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 March 2021 establishing the Invest EU Programme and 
amending Regulation (EU) 2015/1017 (OJ L 107, 26.3.2021, p. 30).EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union L 229/4 18.9.2023  

--- Page 5 ---
(20) In order to overcome the limitations of the current fragment ed public and private investment efforts, to facilitat e 
integration, cross-fer tilisation, and retur n on investment on the ongoing programmes and to pursue a common 
strateg ic Union vision on semiconductors as a means to realising the ambition of the Union and of Member States 
to ensure a leading role in the digital econom y, the Initiative should facilitate better coordination and closer 
synergies between the existing funding programmes at Union and national levels, bette r coordination and 
collaboration with industr y and key private sector stakeholders and additional joint investments with Member 
State s. The implementation of the Initiative is designed to pool resources from the Union, Member States and third 
countr ies associated with the existing Union Programmes, as well as the private sector. The success of the Initiative 
can theref ore only be built on a collective effort of Member States and the Union to suppor t both the signif icant 
capital costs and the wide availability of virtual design, testing and piloting resources and diffusion of knowledg e, 
skills and compet ences. Where appropr iate, in view of the specificities of the actions concer ned, the objectives of 
the Initiative, in particular the Chips Fund activities, should also be suppor ted through a blending facility under the 
InvestEU Fund.
(21) Suppor t from the Initiative should be used to address market failures or sub-optimal investment situations as a 
consequence of high capital intensit y, high risk, and complex landscape of the semiconduct or ecosystem in a 
propor tionat e cost-effective manner , and actions should not duplicat e or crowd out private financing or distor t 
competition in the internal market. Actions should have a clear added value throughout the Union.
(22) The primar y implementation of the Initiative should be entr usted to the Chips Joint Unde rtaking established by 
Council Regulation (EU) 2021/2085 (6)(the ‘Chips Joint Under taking’).
(23) The Initiative should build upon the strong kno wledge base and enhance synergies with actions currently suppor ted 
by the Union and Member States through programmes and actions in research and innovation in semiconduct ors 
and in developments of part of the supply chain, in particular Hor izon Europe – the Framework Programme for 
Research and Innovation established by Regulation (EU) 2021/695 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council (7)(Hor izon Europe) and the Digital Europe Programme established by Regulation (EU) 2021/694 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council (8)with the aim by 2030, to reinf orce the Union as global player in 
semiconduct or technology and its applications, with a growing global share in manufactur ing, in line with the 
Commission communication of 9 March 2021 entitled ‘2030 Digital Compa ss: the European way for the Digital 
Decade’. Further more, private investments are expect ed to be mobilised to compl ement the funding of the Initiative 
contr ibuting to achi eving its objectives. Com plementing those activities, the Initiative would closely collaborat e with 
other relevant stak eholders, including with the Industr ial Alliance on Processors and Semiconductor Technologies.
(24) In order to allow synergies between the Union and Member State s’ programmes, the work programmes of the Chips 
Joint Under taking under the Initiative should in accordance with Article 17(2), point (k), and Article 137, point (aa), 
of Regulation (EU) 2021/2085 clearly differentiate actions to suppor t researc h and innovati on in semiconduct ors 
from those aiming to develop parts of the supply chain, so as to ensure the appropr iate participation of public and 
private entities.
(25) With a view to facilitating the implementation of specifi c actions suppor ted by the Initiative, such as the virtual 
design platf orm or pilot lines, it is necessar y to provi de as an option a new lega l instr ument, the European chips 
infrastr ucture consor tium (ECIC). The ECIC should have legal personality . This means that when applying for 
specifi c actions to be funded by the Initiative, the ECIC itself, and not individual entities forming the ECIC, can be 
the applicant. Never theless, pursuant to Article 134(3) of Regulation (EU) 2021/2085, the work programme calls 
for proposals under the Initiative are open to differ ent legal forms of cooperation and other participants, and the 
selection of proposals for funding is not based on a specifi c legal form of cooperation. The main aim of the ECIC 
(6)Council Regulation (EU) 2021/2085 of 19 November 2021 establishing the Joint Under takings under Hor izon Europe and repealing 
Regulations (EC) No 219/2007, (EU) No 557/2014, (EU) No 558/2014, (EU) No 559/2014, (EU) No 560/2014, (EU) No 561/2014 
and (EU) No 642/2014 (OJ L 427, 30.11.2021, p. 17).
(7)Regulation (EU) 2021/695 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 28 Apr il 2021 establishing Hor izon Europe – the 
Framewo rk Programme for Research and Innovation, laying down its rules for participation and dissemination, and repealing 
Regulations (EU) No 1290/2013 and (EU) No 1291/2013. (OJ L 170, 12.5.2021, p. 1).
(8)Regulation (EU) 2021/694 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 29 Apr il 2021 establishing the Digital Europe 
Programme and repealing Decision (EU) 2015/2240. (OJ L 166, 11.5.2021, p. 1).EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union 18.9.2023 L 229/5  

--- Page 6 ---
should be to encourage effective and structural collaboration between legal entities, including research and 
technology organisations, industr y and Member State s. The ECIC should involve the participation of at least three 
members, namely Member State s, or public or private lega l entities from at least three Member State s, or a 
combination thereof, with a view to achi eving broad representation across the Union. By having legal personality , 
an ECIC would have suffi cient autonom y to lay down its membership, govern ance, funding, budget, the 
arrange ments for financia l and in-kind contr ibutions from its members, and coordination, manage ment of IP and 
working methods. The members of the ECIC should be able to have full flexibility in determining the applicable law, 
statut ory seat and voting rights. The selection of public and private legal entities implementing the work plan of the 
ECIC should be fair, transparent and open. To ensure fair and equal access to participation, an ECIC should be open 
to new members, namely Member States or public or private legal entities, over its lifetime. Member States in 
particular should be able to join an ECIC at any time either as full members or obser vers, whereas other public or 
private legal entities should be able to join at any time on fair and reasonable term s specified in the statut es of the 
ECIC. The Public Auth orities Board of the Chips Joint Under taking should be able to verify the openness of an ECIC 
and recommend for certain remedial measures to be taken where necessar y. The establishment of an ECIC should not 
involve the actual establishment of a new Union body . It should address the gap in the Union’s toolbox to combine 
funding from Member States, the Union budget and private investment for the purpose of implementing specific 
actions suppor ted by the Initiative. The Commission should not be a member of the ECIC.
(26) An ECIC whose membership does not include private entities is to be recognised as an internatio nal body within the 
meaning of Article 143(1), point (g), and Article 151(1), point (b), of Council Directive 2006/112/EC (9)and as an 
internati onal organisation within the meaning of Article 11(1), point (b), of Council Directive (EU) 2020/262 (10). 
An ECIC whic h includes private entities among its members should not be recognised as such an internati onal body 
or such an international organisation.
(27) R & D within the Union is increasing ly exposed to practices aiming to misappropr iate conf idential information, 
trade secrets, and protect ed data, such as IP thef t, forced technology transfers and economic espionage . In order to 
prevent adverse impacts on the interests of the Union and the objectives of the Initiative, it is necessar y to adopt an 
approach to ensure that the access to and use of sensitive information or results, including data and know-h ow, 
secur ity and transfe r of ownership of results as well as content prot ected by IP rights generat ed in connection to or 
as a result of actions suppor ted by the Initiative, are prote cted. To ensure that protection, any actions suppor ted by 
the Initiative and funded by Hor izon Europe and the Digital Europe Programme should follow the relevant 
provisions of those Programmes, such as on participation of entities established in third countr ies associated with 
the programme, grant agreements, ownership and protect ion, secur ity, exploitation and dissemination, transfer and 
licensing and access rights. It is possible to set specific provisions when imple menting those Programmes, in 
particular with regar d to limitations to transfer s and licensing in accordance with Article 40(4) of Regulation 
(EU) 2021/695, and limitation of participation of legal entities established in specifi ed associated or other third 
countr ies due to reasons based on the Union’s and the Member State s’ strategic assets, interests, auton omy or 
secur ity, in accordance with Article 22(5) of Regulation (EU) 2021/695 and Article 12(6) of Regulation 
(EU) 2021/694. Additionally , the handling of sensitive information, secur ity, confidentiality , prot ection of trade 
secrets and IP rights should be govern ed by Union law, including Directives (EU) 2016/943 (11)and 2004/48/EC (12)
of the European Parliament and of the Council, and national law. It is possible for the Commission and the Member 
State s to prot ect technology transfer s for reasons related to Union and national secur ity inter ests in relation to 
inve stments made in facilities falling within the scope of this Regulation in accordance with Regulation 
(EU) 2019/452 of the European Parliament and of the Council (13).
(9)Council Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax (OJ L 347, 11.12.2006, p. 1).
(10)Council Directive (EU) 2020/262 of 19 December 2019 laying down the general arrangements for excise duty (OJ L 58, 27.2.2020, 
p. 4).
(11)Directive (EU) 2016/943 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on the protection of undisclosed know-ho w 
and business information (trade secrets) again st their unlawful acquisition, use and disclosure (OJ L 157, 15.6.2016, p. 1).
(12)Directive 2004/48/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 29 Apr il 2004 on the enforcement of intellectual proper ty 
rights (OJ L 157, 30.4.2004, p. 45).
(13)Regulation (EU) 2019/452 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 19 March 2019 establishing a framework for the 
screening of foreign direct investments into the Union (OJ L 79 I, 21.3.2019, p. 1).EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union L 229/6 18.9.2023  

--- Page 7 ---
(28) To facilitate access to technical exper tise and ensure dissemination of knowledg e across the Union, as well as suppor t 
to diverse skills initiatives, a netw ork of compet ence centres should be established. To that end, the Chips Joint 
Under taking should establish the procedure for establishing compet ence centres, including the selection criteria, as 
well as further details on the implementation of the tasks and functions mentioned in this Regulation. The 
compet ence centres forming the netw ork should be select ed by the Chips Joint Under taking and should have 
substantial overall auton omy to lay down their organisation, compo sition and working methods. Howe ver, their 
organisation, compo sition and working methods should comply with and contr ibute to the objectives of this 
Regulation and the Initiative.
(29) Com petence centres should contr ibut e to maintaining the Union’s lead with regard to chip research , development 
and inno vation and design capabilities by focusing on the promotion of research, development, inno vation and 
design, together with a focus on manuf actur ing. The promotion of human potential and skills through education in 
science, technology , engineer ing and mathematics (STEM) subjects up to the postdoct oral level is crucial for 
achi eving that objective. In particular , compet ence centres should provide services to the semiconduct or 
stake holders, including start-ups and SMEs. Examples include facilitating access to pilot lines and to the virtual 
design platf orm, providing training and skills development, suppor t to find ing invest ors, making use of existing 
local compet encies or reac hing out to the relevant verticals. The services should be provided on an open, 
transparent and non-discr iminato ry basis. Each compet ence centre should connect and be part of the European 
netw ork of compe tence centres in semiconduct ors and should act as an access point to other nodes of the netw ork. 
In this regard, synergies with existing similar structures, such as European Digital Innovation Hubs established under 
the Digital Europe Programme, should be maximised. For example, Member State s could designate an existing 
European Digital Inno vation Hub focused on semiconduct ors as a compet ence centre for the purposes of this 
Regulation, provided that the prohibition of double financing is not breac hed.
(30) Chip design is a crucial capability for implementing any innovati on and functionality into electronic solutions 
adapt ed to diffe rent applications and the needs of users of semiconduct ors. As such, design is at the hear t of the 
semiconduct or value chain and suppor ting the expansion of design capabilities in the Union is of critical 
imp ortance. To recognise the key role of design centres and their contr ibution to European excellence in advanced 
chip design through service offer ings or strengthening of design skills and capabilities in the Union, the 
Commission should be able to awar d a label for ‘design centre of excellen ce’. In light of their impor tance for 
enabling a resilient semiconductor ecosystem, the design centres of excellence should be considered to be in the 
public inter est. To contr ibute to the resilience of the Union’s semiconduct or ecosystem, Member States should be 
able to apply suppor t measures, in a propor tional manner , if such design centres of exce llence are SMEs. This is 
without prejudice to the compet ence of the Commission in the field of State aid under Articles 107 and 108 TFEU, 
where relevant, and to the Commission communication of 19 October 2022 entitled ‘Framework for State aid for 
research and development and innovation’ (the ‘R & D&I State aid framework’). The R & D&I State aid framew ork 
aims to facilitate researc h, development and inno vation activities which, due to market failures, would not occur in 
the absence of public suppor t. In this respect, on the basis of the R & D&I State aid framework, Member State s, 
subject to certain conditions, could provid e the necessar y incentives to compan ies and the research community to 
carry out these important activities and investments in this field. Under the R & D&I State aid framewor k, 
maximum aid intensities up to the level of 80 % could be allowed for aid for R & D projects of medium-sized 
enterprises and up to 90 % could be allowe d for those of small enter prises. Further more, in order to maximise 
synergies, compet ence centres established under the Initiative that focus on state-of-the-ar t chip design should be 
able to apply to receive the label of ‘design centre of excellen ce’. At the same time, Member States could designate a 
design centre of excellence as their candidate compet ence centre.
(31) In order to encourag e the establishment of the necessar y manufactur ing and related design capabilities, and thereby 
ensure the secur ity of supply and strengthen the resilience of the Union’s semiconduct or ecosystem, public suppor t 
may be appropr iate, provided that this does not lead to distor tions in the internal market. In that respect, it is 
necessar y to harmonise certain conditions for operat ors to carry out specif ic projects at Union level that contr ibut e 
to achieving the objectives of this Regulation and distinguish between two types of facility , namely , integrat ed 
production facilities and open EU foundr ies. The distinguishing factor for qualifi cation as either type of facility 
should be the business model. Open EU foundr ies offer production capacity to other under takings. Integrated 
production facilities produce for their own commercial purposes and could integrat e other steps of the supply chain 
in addition to manufactur ing into their business model, such as designing and selling the products.EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union 18.9.2023 L 229/7  

--- Page 8 ---
(32) Integrat ed production facilities and open EU foundr ies should provid e capabilities in semiconduct or manuf actur ing 
or the production of equipment or key compo nents for such equipment predominantly used in semiconduct or 
manufact uring that are ‘first-of-a-kind’ in the Union and contr ibut e to the secur ity of supply and to the resilience of 
the semiconduct or ecosystem in the internal market. The qualifying factor for being a ‘first-of-a-kind’ facility is to 
bring an innovative element to the internal market regarding the manuf actur ing processes or the final product, 
which could be based on new or existing technology nodes. Relevant innovation elements could be with regar d to 
the technology node or substrate mater ial, or approaches that lead to impro vements in computi ng power or other 
performa nce attribut es, energy effic iency , level of secur ity, safety or reliability , as well as integrat ion of new 
functionalities, such as artificial intellig ence (AI), memor y capacity or other . Integration of different processes 
leading to efficiency gains or packag ing and assembly automat ion are also examples of innovati on. With regard to 
environmental gains, innovation elements include the reduction in a quantifi able way of the amount of energy , 
water or chemicals used, or imp roving recy clability . Those innovation elements could apply to both mature and 
cutting-edg e technology nodes. Such innovation should not yet substantively be present or committed to be built 
within the Union. For example, similar innovati on in R & D or small-scale production would not necessar ily 
excl ude subsequent qualifying as a ‘first-of -a-kind’ facility . Both the installation of a new or substantially upgraded 
facility could lead to qualifi cation as a ‘first-of-a-kind’ facility .
(33) Where an open EU foundr y offers production capacity to under takings not relat ed to the operat or of the facility , the 
open EU foundr y should establish, implement and maintain adequate and effective functional separation in order to 
prevent the exchange of conf idential information between intern al and exte rnal production. This should apply to 
any information obtained in the design and in the front-end or back -end manuf actur ing processes.
(34) In order to qualify as integrat ed production facilities or open EU foundr ies, the establishment of the facility should 
have a clear positive impact with spill-over effects beyond the under taking or the Member State concer ned on the 
Union’s semiconductor value chain in the medium to long term with a view to ensur ing the secur ity of supply and 
resilience of the semiconduct or ecosystem and contr ibuting to the Union’s twin green and digital transitions. 
Various activities aiming to creat e positive spill-over effects may be considered for the purpose of qualifying as 
integrat ed production facilities or open EU foundr ies. Examples include giving access to manuf actur ing facilities 
against a market fee; giving process design kits to smaller design companies or to the virtual design platf orm; 
disseminating results from their R & D activities; engaging in research collaboration with European universities and 
research institutes ; cooperating with national author ities or educational and vocational institutions to contr ibut e to 
skills development ; contr ibuting to Union-wide research projects; or offer ing dedicate d suppor t oppor tunities for 
start-ups and SMEs. The impact on several Member States, including with regard to cohesion objectives, should be 
considered as one of the indicators of a clear positive impact of an integrat ed production facility or open EU 
foundr y on the semiconduct or value chain in the Union.
(35) It is impor tant that integrated production facilities and open EU foundr ies are not subject to extrat erritori al 
application of public service oblig ations imposed by third countr ies that could under mine their ability to use their 
infrastr ucture, software, services, facilities, assets, resources, IP or kno w-ho w needed to fulfil the oblig ation on 
priority-rat ed orders under this Regulation, to whic h they would have to commit.
(36) In light of the fast development of semiconductor technologies and to strengthen the future industr ial 
competitiveness of the Union, integrat ed production facilities and open EU foundr ies should invest in the Union in 
continued inno vation with a view to achi eving concrete advances in semiconductor technology or prepar ing next- 
generation technologies. In light of this, integrated production facilities and open EU foundr ies should be able to 
test and exper iment new developments through preferential access to the pilot lines established by the Initiative 
through fast-track ed applications for their services. Any such prefe rential access should neither excl ude nor prevent 
effective access on fair term s to the pilot lines by other inter ested under takings, in particular start-ups and SMEs.EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union L 229/8 18.9.2023  

--- Page 9 ---
(37) Taking into account the impor tance of a qualifi ed and skilled workf orce to achi eve the objectives of this Regulation, 
integrat ed production facilities and open EU foundr ies should suppor t the Union talent pipeline by developing and 
deplo ying educational and skills training and by increasing the pool of qualifi ed and skilled workf orce.
(38) To allow for a unif orm and transparent procedure to attain the status as an integra ted production facility or open EU 
foundr y, the decision to grant this status should be adopt ed by the Commission following the application by an 
individual under taking or a consor tium of several under takings. The status should be open for both the installation 
of a new semiconduct or manufactur ing facility and the significant scale-up or inno vative transf ormation of an 
existing semiconductor manuf actur ing facility . To account for the impor tance of a coordinat ed and cooperat ed 
imp lementation of the planned facility , the Commission should take into account in its assessment the readiness of 
one or more Member States where the applicant intends to establish its facilities to suppor t the establishment of 
such facilities. Further more, when assessing the viability of the business plan, the Commission could take into 
account the overall record of the applicant.
(39) In light of the rights attach ed to recognition as an integrat ed production facility or open EU foundr y, the 
Commission should monitor whether facilities that have been grant ed that status continue to compl y with the 
requirements set out in this Regulation. If this is no long er the case, the Commission should have the right to 
re-examine and, if necessar y, repeal the status and, according ly, the rights attac hed to this status. Any decision on 
the repeal of the status should be taken only after consulting the European Semiconductor Board and should be 
properly reasoned. Corresponding ly, the under taking operating an integrat ed production facility or open EU 
foundr y should have the possibility to proactively request a review of the duration of the status or implementation 
plans where unforeseen extern al circumstances, such as serious disturbances with a direct economic impact on the 
recognised facility , could have an impact on its ability to compl y with the criteria. To account for the fact that most 
rights are grant ed in the period of establishment, facilities should remain subject to the obligation to comply with 
priority-rat ed orders even in the event of a repeal of the status for the time remaining until the status would have 
expired.
(40) In light of their impor tance for ensur ing the secur ity of supply and enabling a resilient semiconduct or ecosystem, 
integrat ed production facilities and open EU foundr ies should be considered to be in the public interest. Ensur ing 
the secur ity of supply of semiconductors is also impor tant for digitalisation, which enables the green transition of 
man y other sector s. To attract investments to the Union’s semiconductor sector and contr ibut e towards secur ity of 
supply of semiconduct ors and resilience of the Union’s semiconduct or ecosyste m, Member States may apply 
suppor t measures, including incentives, and provide for administrative suppor t in national permit-granting 
procedures for integrat ed production facilities and open EU foundr ies. This is without prejudice to the compet ence 
of the Commission in the field of State aid under Articles 107 and 108 TFEU, where relevant. To ensure the correct 
and efficient application of the State aid rules, in its communication of 8 Febr uary 2022 entitled ‘A Chips Act for 
Europe’, the Commission has already recognised the need for a case-by-case assessment regarding State aid grant ed 
to advanced semiconduct or production facilities with a view to safegua rding the Union’s secur ity of supply and 
supply-ch ain resilience while generating significant positive impacts on the wider economy . Further more, the 
procedures for the recognition as integrat ed production facilities or open EU foundr ies and for the author isation of 
State aid, where applicable, will be conducted in parallel in order to accelerate the decision-making process. Member 
State s should suppor t the establishment of integrat ed production facilities and open EU foundr ies in accordance with 
Union law. When provid ing suppor t measures for integrat ed production facilities and open EU foundr ies, Member 
State s should be able to consider setting non-discr iminator y requirements related to intellectual protection and 
secur ity, including cyber -secur ity, and conf identiality and could recommend mitig ation measures to address specifi c 
risks related to the interference, forced technology transfe rs, and IP thef t by entities from third countr ies.
(41) In order to encourage the establishment of the necessar y relat ed design capabilities, Member States may provide 
suppor t for such activities in accordance with State aid rules on the basis of Articles 107 and 108 TFEU, including 
under the R & D&I State aid framework or Commission Regulation (EU) No 651/2014 (14).
(14)Commission Regulation (EU) No 651/2014 of 17 June 2014 declar ing certain categ ories of aid compatible with the inter nal market in 
application of Articles 107 and 108 of the Treaty (OJ L 187, 26.6.2014, p. 1).EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union 18.9.2023 L 229/9  

--- Page 10 ---
(42) It is necessar y that integrat ed production facilities and open EU foundr ies are established as quickly as possible, while 
keep ing the administrative burden to a minimum. For that reason, Member State s should process applications 
relat ed to the planning, constr uction and operation of integra ted production facilities and open EU foundr ies in the 
most rapid manner possible. Member States should be able to appoint an author ity to facilitat e and coordinat e the 
permit-granting processes which could appoint a coordinat or, serving as a sing le point of contact for the project. 
Moreover , where necessar y for granting a derogation under Council Directive 92/43/EEC (15)and 
Directive 2000/60/EC of the European Parliament and Council (16), the establishment and operation of these 
facilities may be considered to be of over riding public inter est within the meaning of those Directives, provided that 
the remaining other conditions set out in those provisions are fulfilled. This is without prejudice to the applicability 
or implementation of other Union environmental law.
(43) Innovative high-te ch businesses are increasing ly exposed to practices aiming to misappropr iate conf idential 
information, trade secrets and protect ed data, such as IP thef t, unauthor ised copying, forced technology transfe rs, 
economic espionage or the breac h of conf identiality requirements, from within and in particular from outside the 
Union. Recent developments, such as increased outsourcing, longer global value chains, and the increased use of 
information and communication technology contr ibut e to increasing the risk of those practices. The unla wful 
acquisition, use or disclosure of confidential information, trade secrets, and protect ed data compromises the ability 
to obtain first-mover retur ns from inno vation-related efforts. In order to ensure the prot ection of conf idential 
information, trade secrets, and prot ected data, this Regulation should be implement ed in a manner that fully 
respects the Union and internatio nal framework of data and IP protection and enforcement, including 
Directive 2001/29/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council (17), Directives 2004/48/EC and 
(EU) 2016/943, and Directive (EU) 2019/790 of the European Parliament and of the Council (18). To further address 
key supply-chain risks, Member States may make use of the possibility provided for by Directive (EU) 2022/2555 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council (19)to carry out coordinated secur ity risk assessments of critical supply 
chains, as carried out for 5G netw orks followi ng Commission Recommendation (EU) 2019/534 (20), with the aim of 
identifying, per sector, relevant threats and vulnerabilities and to identify measures, mitig ation plans and best 
practices to counter critical dependencies, potential sing le points of failure, threats, vulnerabilities and other risks 
associated with the supply chain.
(44) The internal mark et would greatly benefit from common standards for green, sustainably manuf actured, truste d and 
secure chips. Future smar t devices, syste ms and connectivity platf orms will have to rely on advanced semiconduct or 
chips and they will have to meet green, trust and cybersecur ity requirements which will largely depend on the 
features of the underlying technology . To that end, the Union should develop referen ce certification procedures and 
require the industr y to jointly develop such procedures for specific sectors and technologies with pote ntial high 
social impact .
(45) In light of this, the Commission, in consultation with the European Semiconducto r Board and with due involvement 
of stake holders, should identify the sectors and products that rely on or make extensive use of semiconduct or 
technologies and are in need of certified green, trusted and secure chips. The identif ication of such sectors and 
products could stimulate the take -up of European and internatio nal standards for risk management.
(15)Council Directive 92/43/EEC of 21 May 1992 on the conser vation of natural habitats and of wild fauna and flora (OJ L 206, 
22.7.1992, p. 7).
(16)Directive 2000/60/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 October 2000 establishing a framework for Community 
action in the field of water policy (OJ L 327, 22.12.2000, p. 1).
(17)Directive 2001/29/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 22 May 2001 on the harmonisation of certain aspects of 
copyright and related rights in the information society (OJ L 167, 22.6.2001, p. 10).
(18)Directive (EU) 2019/790 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 17 Apr il 2019 on copyright and related rights in the 
Digital Sing le Market and amending Directives 96/9/EC and 2001/29/EC (OJ L 130, 17.5.2019, p. 92).
(19)Directive (EU) 2022/2555 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 December 2022 on measures for a high common 
level of cybersecur ity across the Union, amending Regulation (EU) No 910/2014 and Directive (EU) 2018/1972, and repealing 
Directive (EU) 2016/1148 (NIS 2 Directive) (OJ L 333, 27.12.2022, p. 80).
(20)Commission Recommendation (EU) 2019/534 of 26 March 2019 on Cybersecur ity of 5G netwo rks (OJ L 88, 29.3.2019, p. 42).EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union L 229/10 18.9.2023  

--- Page 11 ---
(46) In light of the compl exities of the semiconduct or supply chain and the risk of future shor tages, this Regulation 
should provid e instr uments for a coordinat ed approach to strateg ic mapping and monitori ng of the semiconductor 
sector and effectively tack ling possible mark et disrupti ons in a propor tionate manner .
(47) The objective of a strateg ic mapping of the semiconductor sector should be to provide an analysis of the Union’s 
strengths and weaknesses in the global semiconduct or sectors with a view to provid ing a basis for measures to 
ensure secur ity of supply and resilience of the Union’s semiconduct or ecosystem. To that end, the strateg ic mapping 
should identify factors such as key products and critical infrastr uctures in the internal mark et that depend on the 
supply of semiconduct ors, main user industr ies and their current and expected needs, key segments of the Union’s 
semiconduct or supply chain, technological charact eristics, dependencies on third-countr y technology and 
provid ers, and bottlenecks of the Union’s semiconduct or sector , current and expected needs for skills and access to 
qualifi ed workf orce and, where appropr iate, the poten tial impact of the measures of the emerge ncy toolbo x. The 
strateg ic mapping should be based on publicly and commercially available data and, if necessar y, on data obtained 
through volun tary information requests of under takings, in consultation with the European Semiconducto r Board.
(48) In order to forecast and prepare for future disruptions of the diffe rent stages of the semiconductor value chain in the 
Union and of trade within the Union, the Commission should, assisted by the European Semiconductor Board and 
on the basis of the outcome of the strateg ic mapping, identify and develop a list of early warning indicators. Such 
indicators could include atypical increases in lead time, the availability of raw mat erials, interm ediat e products and 
human capital needed for manufactur ing semiconduct ors, or appropr iate manufact uring equipment, the forecast ed 
demand for semiconduct ors on the Union and global markets, price surges exce eding normal price fluctuation, the 
effect of accidents, attacks, natural disasters or other serious events, the effect of trade policies, tariffs, expor t 
restr ictions, trade barriers and other trade-related measures, and the effect of business closures, offshor ing or 
acquisitions of key market actors. Monitor ing activities of the Commission should focus on these early warning 
indicators.
(49) Due to the compl ex, quic kly evolving and interlinked semiconductor value chains with various actors, a coordinated 
approach to monitori ng is necessar y to increase the ability to mitig ate risks that may negativ ely affect the supply of 
semiconduct ors and to enhance the understanding of the dynamics of the semiconduct or value chain. The 
Commission, in consultation with the European Semiconducto r Board, should monitor the semiconduct or value 
chain focusing on early warning indicator s and identifying best practices for risk mitigation and increased 
transparency in the semiconduct or value chain, in such a way that it would not represent an excessive 
administrative burden for under takings, in particular SMEs.
(50) In order to minimise the burden for under takings responding to the monit oring and to ensure that the acquired 
information can be compiled in a meaningful way, the Commission should provid e for standardised and secure 
means for any information collection. These means should ensure that any collected information is treated 
conf identially , ensur ing business secrecy and cybersecur ity.
(51) Relevant findings, including information provided by relevant stake holders and industr y associations, should be 
provid ed to the European Semiconducto r Board to allow for a regular exchange of information and for integration 
of the information into a monitoring overview of the semiconduct or value chains.
(52) In order to enable those monitoring activities, the national compet ent author ities of Member States should establish 
a contact list of all relevant under takings operating along the semiconductor supply chain established in their 
national territory . That list should allow for the identif ication of appropr iate respondents to voluntar y information 
requests. The list should not be required to be exhaustive. The list should be handled in a manner that fully respects 
the applicable confidentiality rules.EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union 18.9.2023 L 229/11  

--- Page 12 ---
(53) The availability of adequate human, financial and technical resources would allow for an efficient implementation of 
the tasks under this Regulation and would be conducive to the achi evement of the objectives set out therein. 
Theref ore, without prejudice to the budgeta ry procedure and to its administrative autonom y, the Commission 
should make optimal use of resources to ensure that it can effectively perform its duties and exercise its powers 
under this Regulation.
(54) A number of under takings provi ding semiconductor services or goods are assumed to be essential for an effective 
semiconduct or supply chain in the Union’s semiconductor ecosystem, due to the number of Union under takings 
relying on their products, their Union or global mark et share, their impor tance to ensure a suffic ient level of supply 
or the possible impact of the disruption of supply of their products or services. The Member State s, in cooperation 
with the Commission, should identify those key mark et actor s in their territories.
(55) Under Article 4 of Regulation (EU) 2019/452, in deter mining whether a foreign direct investment is likely to affect 
secur ity or public order , Member States and the Commission may consider its potential effects on critical 
technologies and dual-use items as defined in Article 2, point (1), of Council Regulation (EC) No 428/2009 (21), 
including semiconduct ors.
(56) As part of the monit oring, Member States should specifi cally consider integrity of the activities carried out by key 
mark ets actor s. Such issues could be brought to the attention of the European Semiconducto r Board by the Member 
State concer ned.
(57) To enable anticipation of poten tial shor tages, national compet ent author ities should alert the Commission if they 
become aware of a risk of serious disrupti on in the supply of semiconduct ors or have concrete and reliable 
information of any other relevant risk factor or event mater ialising. In order to ensure a coordinat ed approach , the 
Commission should, where it learns of a risk of serious disrupti on in the supply of semiconductors or has concrete 
or reliable information of any other relevant risk factor or event mater ialising, upon alert or from international 
partners, convene an extraordinar y meeting of the European Semiconducto r Board to discuss the sever ity of the 
disruptions and possible initiating of the procedure for activating the crisis stage, and whether it may be 
appropr iate, necessar y and propor tionate for Member States to carry out coordinat ed joint procurement as a 
preventive measure, as well as to enter into dialogue with stakeho lders, with a view to identifying, prepar ing and 
possibly coordinating such preventive measures. The European Semiconductor Board and the Commission should, 
within that dialogue, take into account the views of stake holders of the semiconduct or value chain. The 
Commission should consult and cooperat e with relevant third countr ies with a view to jointly addressing supply- 
chain disrupti ons, in compliance with international obligations and without prejudice to procedural requirements.
(58) The semiconductor crisis stage should be activat ed in the presence of concrete, serious, and reliable evidence of such 
a crisis. A semiconduct or crisis occurs where there are serious disruptions to the supply of semiconduct ors or 
serious obstacles to trade in semiconductors within the Union causing significant shor tages of semiconductors, 
interm ediat e products or raw or processed mat erials, and such signif icant shor tages prevent the supply , repair and 
mainte nance of essential products used by critical sectors , for instance medical and diagnostic equipment, to the 
extent that it would have serious detr imental effects on the functioning of the critical sectors due to their impact on 
society , econom y and secur ity of the Union.
(59) In order to ensure an agile and effective response to such a semiconduct or crisis, where the Commission becomes 
aware of a poten tial semiconduct or crisis, it should assess if the conditions for activating the crisis stage are met. If 
this assessment produces concrete, serious and reliable evidence of a semiconduct or crisis, the Commission should 
be able to present to the Council a proposal to activate the crisis stage for a predet ermined duration period of 
maximum 12 months, taking into account the opinion of the European Semiconducto r Board. The Commission 
should assess the need for prolonga tion or early term ination of the crisis stage and initiat e such procedure, should 
such a necessity be ascer tained, taking into account the opinion of the European Semiconducto r Board.
(21)Council Regulation (EC) No 428/2009 of 5 May 2009 setting up a Community regime for the control of expor ts, transfer , brokering 
and transit of dual-use items (OJ L 134, 29.5.2009, p. 1).EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union L 229/12 18.9.2023  

--- Page 13 ---
(60) Due to the sensitive nature of the crisis stage activation and of the poten tial measures that may be taken in response 
thereof, including the significant impact whic h such measures might have on private under takings in the Union, the 
power to adopt an implementing act as regards activating, prolonging and term inating the crisis stage in a 
semiconduct or crisis should be conferr ed on the Council.
(61) Close cooperation between the Commission and the Member States and coordination of any national measures 
taken with regard to the semiconductor supply chain is indispensable during the crisis stage with a view to 
addressing disrupti ons with the necessar y coherence, resiliency and effectiveness. To that end, the European 
Semiconducto r Board should hold extraordinar y meetings as necessar y. Any measures taken should be strictly 
limited to the duration period of the crisis stage.
(62) For a rapid, efficient and coordinated Union response to a semiconduct or crisis, it is necessar y to provi de timely and 
up-to -date information to the Commission and to the Member States through the European Semiconducto r Board 
on the unfolding operational situation as well as to ensure that effective measures to secure the supply of 
semiconduct ors to affected critical sector s can be taken. Appropr iate, effective and propor tionate measures should 
be identified and implement ed when the crisis stage is activat ed, without prejudice to possible continued 
internati onal engag ement with relevant partners with the view to mitigating the evolving crisis situation. Where 
appropr iate, the Commission should request information from under takings along the semiconduct or supply chain. 
Further more, the Commission should be able to, where necessar y and propor tionate, require integrat ed production 
facilities and open EU foundr ies to accept and prioritise an order of the production of crisis-relevant products, and 
to act as a central purc hasing body when mandat ed by Member States. The Commission should limit the measures 
to certain critical sectors. The European Semiconductor Board may also assess and advise on appropr iate and 
effective measures. In addition, the European Semiconductor Board may advise on the necessity of introducing 
prote ctive measures pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2015/479 of the European Parliament and of the Council (22). The 
use of all emerge ncy measures should be propor tionate and restr icted to what is necessar y to address the 
semiconduct or crisis in the best interest of the Union. The Commission should regularly inform the European 
Parliament and the Council of the measures take n and the underlying reasons. The Commission may, after 
consulting the European Semiconducto r Board, issue further guidance on the implementation and use of the 
emerge ncy measures.
(63) A number of sectors are critical for the proper functioning of the internal mark et. For the purposes of this 
Regulation, those critical sectors should be listed in an annex to this Regulation. That list should be limited to the 
sector s and subsectors listed in the Annex of Directive (EU) 2022/2557 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council (23), in the version in force on 19 Sept ember 2023 , with the addition of the sectors of defence and secur ity, 
on the basis of their impor tant role in ensur ing vital societal functions. Certain measures should be taken only for 
the purpose of secur ing supply to critical sectors. The Commission may limit the emerg ency measures to certain of 
those sectors or to certain parts of them when the semiconductor crisis has disturbed or is threatening to disturb 
their operation.
(64) The purpose of requests for information from under takings along the semiconduct or supply chain established in the 
Union in the crisis stage is to enable precise assessments of the semiconduct or crisis or to identify and prepare 
poten tial mitig ation or emerge ncy measures at Union or national level. Such information may include production 
capability , production capacity and current primar y disruptions and bottlenecks. Those aspects could include the 
typical and current actual stoc k of crisis-relevant products in production facilities locat ed in the Union as well as 
production facilities which are located in third countr ies where those under takings operate, with whic h they 
contract or from whic h they purch ase supplies; the typical and current actual average lead time for the most 
common products produced; the expecte d production output for the followi ng three months for each Union 
production facility ; or reasons that prevent the filling of production capacity . Such information should be limited to 
what is necessar y to assess the nature of the semiconduct or crisis or poten tial mitigation or emerg ency measures at 
Union or national level. Information requests should not entail the supply of information the disclosure of which is 
contrar y to the Member State s’ national secur ity inter ests. The concrete information to be asked may be developed 
on the basis of prior advice from a representative number of relevant under takings through voluntar y consultation, 
(22)Regulation (EU) 2015/479 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 2015 on common rules for expor ts (OJ L 83, 
27.3.2015, p. 34).
(23)Directive (EU) 2022/2557 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 December 2022 on the resilience of critical entities 
and repealing Council Directive 2008/114/EC (OJ L 333, 27.12.2022, p. 164).EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union 18.9.2023 L 229/13  

--- Page 14 ---
in cooperation with the European Semiconducto r Board. Any request should be propor tionate , have regard for the 
legitimate aims of the under taking and the cost and effort required to make the data available, as well as set out 
appropr iate time limits for providing the request ed information. Under takings should be required to compl y with 
the request and may be subject to penalties if they fail to compl y or provide incor rect information. Any information 
acquired should be used only for the purposes of this Regulation and be subject to confidentiality rules. To ensure 
full involvement of the Member State where the under taking has its production site, the Commission should 
forward, without dela y, a copy of the information request to the national compet ent author ity and, if the national 
compet ent author ity so requests, share the acquired information with that national compet ent author ity through 
secure means. If an under taking receives a request for information related to its semiconduct or activities from a 
third countr y, it should inform the Commission so as to enable the Commission to assess whether an information 
request by the Commission is warrante d.
(65) As an instr ument of last resor t to ensure that critical sectors can continue to operate in a time of crisis and only 
when necessar y and propor tionat e for that purpose, integrat ed production facilities and open EU foundr ies could 
be required by the Commission to accept and prioritise orders of crisis-relevant products. Potential beneficiar ies of 
priority-rat ed orders should be entities from critical sector s or under takings supplying to critical sectors whose 
activities are disrupted or at risk of disrupti on on account of the shor tage. To ensure that priority-rated orders are 
used only when necessar y, they should be restr icted to benefic iaries who, having implement ed risk mitig ation 
measures, were unable to avoid, for instance through their procurement practices, and to mitig ate the impact of the 
shor tage through other means, such as using existing stoc kpiles. That oblig ation may also be extended to 
semiconduct or manuf actur ing facilities which have accept ed such possibility in the cont ext of receiving public 
suppor t, if such public suppor t aims to foste r the ability to increase production capacity . The decision on a priority- 
rated order should be taken in accordance with all applicable Union legal obligations, having regard to the 
circumstances of the case. The priority rating oblig ation should take precedence over any performa nce oblig ation 
under private or public law while it should have regard for the legitimate aims of the under takings and the cost and 
effort required for any change in production sequence. Each priority-rat ed order should be placed at a fair and 
reasonable price. The calculation of such price may be carried out on the basis of average mark et prices over recent 
years, subject to reasons being given for any increase, for example taking into account inflation or rise in energy 
costs. Under takings may be subject to penalties if they fail to compl y with the oblig ation for priority-rat ed orders.
(66) For facilities carrying out a priority-rated order , it may be benefi cial for the Commission, assisted by the European 
Semiconducto r Board, and the Member States to exchange best practices concer ning the execution of those orders, 
including best administrative practices.
(67) The under taking concer ned should be required to accept and prioritise a priority-rat ed order . With a view to 
ensur ing that priority-rat ed orders align to the capacities and the production portfolio of the facility , the 
Commission should provide the facility concer ned with the oppor tunity to be heard on the feasibility and details of 
the priority-rat ed order . The Commission should not issue the priority-rated order where the facility is unable to 
fulfil the order even if prioritised, be it due to insuffic ient production capability or production capacity or on 
technical grounds, or where the product is not supplied or the service is not perf ormed by the facility or because 
this would place an unreasonable economic burden and entail particular hardship on the under taking, including 
substantial risk relating to business continuity .
(68) To ensure a transparent and clear framework for the implementation of priority-rated orders, the Commission 
should be empowered to adopt an implementing act laying down the practical and operational arrang ements. That 
imp lementing act should contain safeguards to ensure that priority-rat ed orders are implemented in compl iance 
with the principles of necessity and propor tionality , such as a mecha nism that takes into account existing orders 
and a mechanis m to ensure that volumes of priority-rated orders do not exceed what is necessar y.
(69) Under the excep tional circumstance that an under taking operating along the semiconductor supply chain in the 
Union receives a priority-rat ed order request from a third countr y, it should inform the Commission of such a 
request, so as to inform an assessment of whether , if there is a signif icant impact on the secur ity of supply to critical 
sector s, and the other requirements of necessity , propor tionality and legality are satisfi ed in the circumstances of the 
case, the Commission should likewise impose a priority-rat ed order oblig ation.EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union L 229/14 18.9.2023  

--- Page 15 ---
(70) In light of the importance to ensure the secur ity of supply to critical sectors that perform vital societal functions, 
compl iance with the obligation to perform a priority-rat ed order should not entail liability for damages towards 
third parties for any breach of contractual obligations that may result from the necessar y temporar y changes of the 
operational processes of the concer ned manufacturer , limite d to the extent the violation of contractual oblig ations 
was necessar y for compl iance with the mandated prioritisation. Under takings poten tially within scope of a priority- 
rated order should anticipate this possibility in the conditions of their commercial contracts. Without prejudice to 
the applicability of other provisions, the liability for defectiv e products, provi ded for by Council 
Directive 85/374/EEC (24), is not affect ed by this liability exem ption.
(71) The obligation to prioritise the production of certain products respects the essence of and does not dispropor ­
tionately affect the freedom to conduct a business and the freedom of contract laid down in Article 16 of the 
Char ter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union (the ‘Char ter’) and the right to proper ty laid down in 
Article 17 of the Char ter. Any limitation of those rights in this Regulation will, in accordance with Article 52(1) of 
the Char ter, be provid ed for by law, respect the essence of those rights and freedoms, and comply with the principle 
of propor tionality .
(72) When the crisis stage is activat ed, two or more Member State s could mandate the Commission to aggregat e demand 
and act on their behalf for their public procurement in the public interest, in accordance with existing Union rules 
and procedures, leveraging its purch asing power. Common purchas ing should be used only to address supply-c hain 
disruptions of semiconduct ors during a crisis. The mandat e could author ise the Commission to enter into 
agreements concer ning the purchase of crisis-relevant products for certain critical sectors. The Commission should 
assess for each request the utility , necessity and propor tionality in consultation with the European Semiconducto r 
Board. Where it intends to not follow the request, it should inform the Member States concer ned and the European 
Semiconducto r Board and give its reasons. The procedural details should be set out in an agreement between the 
Commission and the participating Member State s, including reasons for the use of the common purchas ing 
mechani sm and liabilities to be assumed. Such an agreement may include the number of contracts to be concluded 
and the conditions of the common purchasin g, such as prices, deliver y timeframes, quantities and opt-in or opt-out 
clauses. The common purch asing may result in the signature of one contract cover ing the needs of all Member States 
or several contracts each covering the needs of one or more Member State s. Further more, the participating Member 
State s should be entitled to appoint representatives to provide guidance and advice during the procurement 
procedures and in the negotiation of the purchas ing agreements. The deplo yment, use or resale of purch ased 
products should remain within the remit of the participating Member States.
(73) Dur ing a semiconduct or shor tage crisis, it might become necessar y that the Union considers protective measures. 
The European Semiconducto r Board should be able to express its views to inform the Commission’s assessment of 
whether the mark et situation amounts to a signif icant shor tage of essential products pursuant to Regulation 
(EU) 2015/479.
(74) The institutional framew ork for exper t groups, including the rules on transparency for the entity and its sub-groups, 
should apply to the European Semiconducto r Board, without prejudice to this Regulation. The European 
Semiconducto r Board should provide advice to and assist the Commission on specif ic questions. Those questions 
should include provi ding advice on the Initiative to the Public Author ities Board of the Chips Joint Under taking; 
exchanging information on the functioning of integrated production facilities and open EU foundr ies; discussing 
and prepar ing the identification of specif ic sectors and technologies with poten tial high social impact and secur ity 
signif icance in need of certification for truste d products and addressing coordinated monitoring and crisis response. 
Further more, the European Semiconductor Board should ensure the consist ent application of this Regulation, 
facilitate cooperation between Member States as well as exchange of information on issues relating to this 
Regulation. The European Semiconducto r Board should also exchang e views with the Commission on the best ways 
to ensure effective protection and enforcement of IP rights, conf idential information and trade secrets with due 
involvement of stake holders in relation to the semiconductor sector . The European Semiconducto r Board should 
suppor t the Commission in internati onal cooperation in line with international oblig ations. It should serve as a 
forum for discussion on, inter alia, how to enhance cooperation along the global semiconduct or value chain 
(24)Council Directive 85/374/EEC of 25 July 1985 on the appro ximation of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions of the 
Member States concer ning liability for defective products (OJ L 210, 7.8.1985, p. 29).EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union 18.9.2023 L 229/15  

--- Page 16 ---
without prejudice to the preroga tives of the European Parliament and of the Council in accordance with the Treaties. 
For this purpose, the European Semiconductor Board should take into account the views of the Industr ial Alliance 
on Processors and Semiconducto r Technologies and of other stake holders. In addition, the European 
Semiconducto r Board should coordinat e, cooperate and exchange information with other Union crisis response and 
crisis preparedness structures with a view to ensur ing a coherent and coordinated Union approach as regards crisis 
response and crisis preparedness measures for semiconduct or crises.
(75) A representative of the Commission should chair the European Semiconductor Board. Each Member State should 
appoint at least one high-level representative to the European Semiconductor Board. They could also appoint 
differ ent representatives in relation to differ ent task s of the European Semiconducto r Board, for example , depending 
on which part of this Regulation is discussed in the meetings of the European Semiconducto r Board. To receive 
imp ortant advice on the activities of the European Semiconducto r Board and allow appropr iate participation of 
stake holders, the Chair should be able to establish sub-groups and should be entitled to establish working 
arrange ments by inviting exper ts and obser vers to take part in the meetings on an ad hoc basis or to invit e 
stake holders, in particular organisations representing the interests of the Union semiconductors industr y, such as 
the Industr ial Alliance on Processors and Semiconducto r Techn ologies, to its sub-groups as obser vers.
(76) The European Semiconducto r Board should hold separate meetings for its tasks in relation to the Initiative and for its 
tasks in relation to secur ity of supply and resilience as well as monitoring and crisis response. Member State s should 
endeav our to ensure effective and efficient cooperation in the European Semiconducto r Board. The Chair should be 
able to facilitat e exchanges between the European Semiconducto r Board and other Union bodies, offices, agencies 
and exper t and advisor y groups. In light of the impor tance of the supply of semiconduct ors for other sectors and 
the resulting need for coordination, the Chair should ensure participation by other Union institutions and bodies as 
obser vers in meetings of the European Semiconducto r Board where relevant and appropr iate in relation to the 
monitori ng and crisis response mecha nism established in this Regulation. In order to continue and make use of the 
work follo wing the implemen tation of Commission Recommendation (EU) 2022/210 (25), the European 
Semiconducto r Board should carry out the tasks of the European Semiconducto r Exper t Group. Once the European 
Semiconducto r Board is operational, this exper t group should cease to exist.
(77) Member States hold a key role in the application and enforcement of this Regulation. In this respect, each Member 
State should designat e one or more national compet ent author ities responsible for the effective implementation of 
this Regulation and ensure that those author ities are adequat ely empo wered and resourced. Member States could 
designate an existing author ity or author ities. In order to increase orga nisation effic iency in the Member States and 
to set an official point of contact vis-a-vis the public and other counter parts at Union and Member State level, 
including the Commission and the European Semiconducto r Board, each Member State should designate, within 
one of the author ities it designates as compet ent author ity under this Regulation, one national sing le point of 
contact responsible for coordinating issues related to this Regulation and cross-border cooperation with compet ent 
author ities of other Member States.
(78) In order to ensure trustful and constr uctive cooperation of compet ent author ities at Union and national level, all 
parties involved in the application of this Regulation should respect the conf identiality of information and data 
obtained in carrying out their tasks to protect in particular IP rights, sensitive business information and trade 
secrets. Any information acquired in the application for recognition as an integrat ed production facility or open EU 
foundr y, in the cont ext of information requests or notificati on oblig ations under this Regulation, should be used 
only for the purposes of this Regulation and should be covered by the obligation of professional secrecy in 
accordance with Article 339 TFEU, as well as intern al Commission rules on the secure handling of data, in 
particular Commission Decision (EU, Eurat om) 2015/443 (26). The Commission and the national compet ent 
author ities, their officials, servants and other persons working under the super vision of these author ities as well as 
official s and civil servants of other author ities of the Member State s should ensure the conf identiality of 
(25)Commission Recommendation (EU) 2022/210 of 8 Febr uary 2022 on a common Union toolbo x to address semiconductor shor tages 
and an EU mechanism for monit oring the semiconductor ecosystem (OJ L 35, 17.2.2022, p. 17).
(26)Commission Decision (EU, Euratom) 2015/443 of 13 March 2015 on Secur ity in the Commission (OJ L 72, 17.3.2015, p. 41).EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union L 229/16 18.9.2023  

--- Page 17 ---
information obtained in carrying out their tasks and activities. This should also apply to the European 
Semiconducto r Board and the Semiconducto r Committee established by this Regulation. Where appropr iate, the 
Commission should be able to adopt imple menting acts to specify the practical arrange ments for the treatment of 
conf idential information in the cont ext of information gather ing.
(79) Com pliance with the obligations imposed under this Regulation should be enforceable by means of fines and 
periodic penalty payments. To that end, appropr iate levels of fines for non-com pliance with information requests 
and notifi cation oblig ations under this Regulation should be laid down , taking into account the different levels of 
gravity of the non-compliance between both oblig ations and with different ceilings for SMEs. Further more, periodic 
penalty payments should be laid down for non-compliance with the oblig ation to accept and perform priority-rated 
orders, which should be propor tionat e and reflect the price levels on the mark et during the last 90 days, with 
differ ent ceilings for SMEs. Limitation periods should apply for the impositions of fines and periodic penalty 
payments, in addition to limitation periods for the enforcement of penalties. In addition, the Commission should 
give the concer ned under taking or representative orga nisations of under takings the right to be heard.
(80) In order to reflect technological chang e and market developments, to ensure effective implementation and 
evaluation of the Initiative and to lay down detailed rules for the label of design centres of excellen ce, the power to 
adopt acts in accordance with Article 290 TFEU should be delega ted to the Commission with a view to amending 
this Regulation with rega rd to the actions suppor ted by the Initiative in a manner consistent with its objectives and 
with regard to the measurable indicators for monit oring the imple mentation of the Initiative and for repor ting on 
its progress towards the achi evement of its objectives, and with a view to supplementing this Regulation by 
establishing the procedure for applications and the requirements and conditions for the granting, monitori ng and 
withdra wal of the label of design centres of excellen ce. It is of particular impor tance that the Commission carry out 
appropr iate consultations during its preparatory work, including at exper t level, and that those consultations be 
conduct ed in accordance with the principles laid down in the Interi nstitutional Agreement of 13 Apr il 2016 on 
Bett er Law-Making (27). In particular , to ensure equal participation in the preparation of delegat ed acts, the European 
Parliament and the Council receive all documents at the same time as Member State s’ exper ts, and their exper ts 
systemat ically have access to meetings of Commission exper t groups dealing with the preparation of delegat ed acts.
(81) In order to ensure unif orm conditions for the imp lementation of this Regulation, implementing powers should be 
conferr ed on the Commission as regards the selection of ECICs, so that the objectives of the Initiative are achieve d, 
laying down the practical and operational arrang ements for the functioning of priority-rat ed orders, and specifying 
the practical arrange ments for the treatment of confidential information. Those powers should be exercised in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No 182/2011 of the European Parliament and of the Council (28).
(82) Since the objective of this Regulation, namely to establish a framewor k for strengthening the semiconduct or 
ecosystem at Union level, cannot be suffi ciently achi eved by the Member State s but can rather , by reason of the 
scale or effects of the action, be better achieved at Union level, the Union may adop t measures in accordance with 
the principle of subsidiar ity as set out in Article 5 of the Treaty on European Union. In accordance with the 
principle of propor tionality as set out in that Article, this Regulation does not go beyond what is necessar y in order 
to achi eve that objective.
(83) In order to allow for the implementation of this Regulation to start as soon as possible, with a view to reaching its 
objectives, it should enter into force as a matte r of urgency ,
(27)OJ L 123, 12.5.2016, p. 1.
(28)Regulation (EU) No 182/2011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 Febr uary 2011 laying down the rules and general 
principles concer ning mechanisms for control by Member States of the Commission’s exercise of implement ing powers, (OJ L 55, 
28.2.2011, p. 13).EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union 18.9.2023 L 229/17  

--- Page 18 ---
HAVE ADOPTED THIS REGUL ATION:
CHAPTE R I
General provisions
Article 1
Subject matter and general objectiv es
1. This Regulation establishes a framework for strengthening the semiconductor ecosyste m at Union level, in particular 
through the followi ng measures:
(a) the establishment of the Chips for Europe Initiative (the ‘Initiative’);
(b) setting the criteria to recognise and to suppor t integrat ed production facilities and open EU foundr ies that are first-of-a- 
kind facilities and that foste r the secur ity of supply and the resilience of the Union’s semiconduct or ecosystem ;
(c) setting up a coordination mechanis m between the Member States and the Commission for mapping and monitori ng 
the Union’s semiconduct or sector as well as crisis prevention and response to semiconduct or shor tages and, where 
relevant, consulting stak eholders from the semiconduct or sector.
2. The first general objective of this Regulation is to ensure the conditions necessar y for the compet itiveness and 
innovati on capacity of the Union and to ensure the adjustment of the industr y to structural chang es.
3. The second general objective, separate from and complementary to the first general objective set out in paragraph 2, 
is to impro ve the functioning of the intern al mark et by laying down a unif orm Union legal framework for increasing the 
Union’s resilience and secur ity of supply in the field of semiconduct or technologies.
Article 2
Def initions
For the purposes of this Regulation, the followi ng definitions apply:
(1) ‘semiconductor ’ means one of the followi ng:
(a) a mat erial, including novel mate rials, either elemental or compo und, whose electr ical conductivity can be 
modifi ed; or
(b) a compo nent consisting of a series of layers of semiconducting, insulating and conducting mater ials defined 
according to a predete rmined patte rn, and intended to perform well-defined electronic or photon ic functions or 
both;
(2) ‘chip’ means an electronic device compris ing various functional elements on a sing le piece of semiconductor mater ial, 
typically taking the form of memor y, logic, processor , optoelectr onics and analogue devices;
(3) ‘quantum chip’ means a device that processes information at the level of individual quantum systems, with a varying 
level of component integration on-ch ip depending on the quantum platf orm used, including platf orms for quantum 
computi ng, communication, sensing or metrology ;
(4) ‘technology node ’ means a specifi c semiconductor manufactur ing process and its design rules;
(5) ‘semiconductor supply chain’ means the system of activities, organisations, actors, technology , information, resources 
and services involved in the production of semiconduct ors, including raw and processed mater ials, such as gases, 
manufa ctur ing equipment, design, including relat ed software development, fabrication, assembly , testing and 
packag ing;EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union L 229/18 18.9.2023  

--- Page 19 ---
(6) ‘semiconductor value chain’ means the set of activities in relation to a semiconduct or product from its conception to 
its end use, including raw and processed mater ials, such as gases, manufactur ing equipment, research , development 
and inno vation, design, including relat ed software development, fabrication, testing, assembly and packag ing to 
embedding and integration in end products, as well as end-of-life processes, such as reuse, disassembly and recy cling;
(7) ‘pilot line’ means an exper imental project or action addressing higher technology readiness levels from levels 3 to 8 to 
further develop an enabling infrastr ucture necessar y to test, demonstrate, validat e and calibrate a product or system 
with the model assum ptions;
(8) ‘coordinator ’ means a lega l entity established in the Union which is a member of a European chips infrastr ucture 
consor tium and whic h has been appointed by all the members of the consor tium to be the principal point of contact 
for the Commission;
(9) ‘small and medium-sized enterprises’ or ‘SMEs ’ means small or medium-sized enterprises as defined in Article 2 of the 
Annex to Commission Recommendation 2003/361/EC (29);
(10) ‘small mid-cap’ means small mid-cap as defined in Article 2, point (20), of Regulation (EU) 2021/695;
(11) ‘first-of -a-kind facility’ means a new or substantially upgraded semiconductor manufactur ing facility , or a facility for 
the production of equipment or key compo nents for such equipment predominantly used in semiconduct or 
manufa ctur ing, which provides innovati on with regar d to the manuf actur ing process or final product that is not yet 
substantively present or committed to be built within the Union, including inno vation that concer ns improvements 
in computi ng power or in the level of secur ity, safety or reliability , energy and envi ronmental perf ormance, the 
technology node or substrate mat erials, or in the implementation of production processes that lead to efficiency 
gains, or impro ves recy clability , or reduces production inputs;
(12) ‘next-g eneration chips’ means chips that go beyond the state of the art in offer ing significant improvements in 
functional performa nce, computing power or energy efficiency as well as other significant energy and environmental 
gains;
(13) ‘next-g eneration semiconductor technologies’ means semiconduct or technologies that go beyond the state of the art 
in offer ing signif icant improvements in functional performance, computi ng power or energy efficiency as well as 
other significant energy and environmental gains;
(14) ‘cutting-edge semiconduct or technologies’ means state-of-the-ar t inno vation in chips and semiconduct or technologies 
when the projects are carried out;
(15) ‘semiconductor manuf actur ing’ means any of the stages of production and processing of semiconduct or wafers, 
including substrate mater ials, front-end and back -end, necessar y to deliver a finished semiconductor product ;
(16) ‘front-end’ means the entire processing of a semiconduct or wafer;
(17) ‘back-end’ means the pack aging, assembly and test of the semiconduct or product ;
(18) ‘users of semiconduct ors’ means under takings that produce products in which semiconduct ors are incor porat ed;
(19) ‘key mark et actors’ means under takings in the Union’s semiconduct or supply chain, the reliable functioning of whic h 
is essential for the supply of semiconduct ors;
(20) ‘critical sector ’ means any sector refer red to in Annex IV;
(21) ‘crisis-relevant product’ means semiconduct ors, interm ediate products and raw and processed mater ials which are 
either deplo yed directly by critical sectors or used in order to produce devices used by critical sector s required to 
produce semiconduct ors or interm ediate products, that are affected by a semiconduct or crisis and relevant to ensure 
crucial functions of a critical sector;
(22) ‘production capability’ means the ability of a facility to produce certain types of products;
(29)Commission Recommendation of 6 May 2003 concer ning the defin ition of micro, small and medium-sized enterpr ises (OJ L 124, 
20.5.2003, p. 36).EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union 18.9.2023 L 229/19  

--- Page 20 ---
(23) ‘production capacity’ means the maximum poten tial output of a facility ;
(24) ‘trade secret’ means a trade secret as defined in Article 2, point (1), of Directive (EU) 2016/943.
CHAPTER II
Chips for Europe Initiativ e
Article 3
Establishment of the Initiativ e
1. The Initiative is established for the duration of the Multiannual Financial Framew ork 2021–2027, established by 
Council Regulation (EU, Eurat om) 2020/2093 (30).
2. The Initiative shall be suppor ted by funding from Hor izon Europe and the Digital Europe Programme, and in 
particular Specific Objective 6 of the Digital Europe Programme, for a maximum indicative amount of EUR 1,725 billion 
and EUR 1,575 billion, respectively . That funding shall be implemented in accordance with Regulations (EU) 2021/694 
and (EU) 2021/695.
Article 4
Objectiv es of the Initiativ e
1. The general objective of the Initiative is to achi eve large-scale technological capacity building and suppor t relat ed 
research and inno vation activities throughout the Union’s semiconductor value chain to enable development and 
deplo yment of cutting-edg e semiconduct or technologies, next-generation semiconduct or technologies and cutting-edg e 
quantum technologies and the innovati on of established technologies that will reinf orce advanced design, systems 
integration and chip production capabilities in the Union, thereb y increasing the competitiveness of the Union. It shall also 
contr ibut e to the achievement of the green and digital transitions, in particular by reducing the climate imp act of electronic 
systems , improving the sustainability of next-generation chips and strengthening the circular econom y processes, 
contr ibut e to quality jobs within the semiconduct or ecosystem and address secur ity-by -design principles, which provid e 
prote ction against cybersecur ity threats.
2. The Initiative shall have the followi ng five operational objectives:
(a) operational objective 1: building up advanced design capacities for integrated semiconductor technologies;
(b) operational objective 2: enhancing existing and developing new advanced pilot lines across the Union to enable 
development and deplo yment of cutting-edg e semiconductor technologies and next-generation semiconduct or 
technologies;
(c) operational objective 3: building advanced technology and engineer ing capacities for accelerating the innovative 
development of cutting-edg e quantum chips and associated semiconduct or technologies;
(d) operational objective 4: establishing a netw ork of compet ence centres across the Union by enhancing existing or 
creating new facilities;
(e) operational objective 5: under taking activities, to be descr ibed collectively as ‘Chips Fund’ activities, to facilitate access 
to debt financing and equity , including by providing clear guidance, in particular for start-ups, scale-ups, SMEs and 
small mid-caps in the semiconduct or value chain, through a blending facility under the InvestEU Fund and via the 
European Inno vation Council.
3. The Initiative’s operational objectives may include capacity building activities and related researc h and inno vation 
activities. All capacity building activities shall be financed through the Digital Europe Programme and the related research 
and inno vation activities shall be funded through Hor izon Europe.
(30)Council Regulation (EU, Eurato m) 2020/2093 of 17 December 2020 laying down the multiannual financial framework for the years 
2021 to 2027 (OJ L 433 I, 22.12.2020, p. 11).EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union L 229/20 18.9.2023  

--- Page 21 ---
Article 5
Content of the Initiativ e
The Initiative shall:
(a) under its operational objective 1:
(i) build up and maintain a virtual design platf orm, available across the Union, integrating existing and new design 
facilities with extended librar ies and electronic design automation (EDA) tools;
(ii) extend the design capabilities by fosteri ng innovati ve developments, such as open-source processor archit ectures 
and other innovative archit ectures, chiplet s, programmable chips, new types of memor y, processors, accelerat ors 
or low power chips, that are built in accordance with secur ity-by -design principles;
(iii) enlarge the semiconductor ecosystem by integrating the vertical market sectors , such as health, mobility , energy , 
telecommunicat ions, secur ity, defence and space, contr ibuting to the green, digital and innovation agendas of the 
Union;
(b) under its operational objective 2:
(i) strengthen capabilities in next-g eneration chip production technologies and manufactur ing equipment, by 
integrating research and innovati on activities and prepar ing the development of future technology nodes, such as 
leading-edge nodes, fully depleted silicon on insulator technologies, new semiconduct ors mate rials or 
heterog eneous systems integration and advanced module assembly and packaging for high, medium or low 
volumes ;
(ii) suppor t innovation at a large scale through access to new or existing pilot lines for exper imentation, test, process 
control, final device reliability and validation of new design concepts integrating key functionalities;
(iii) provide suppor t to integrat ed production facilities and open EU foundr ies through prefe rential access to the new 
pilot lines, as well as ensure access on fair term s to new pilot lines for a wide range of users of the Union’s 
semiconduct or ecosystem ;
(c) under its operational objective 3:
(i) develop innovative design librar ies for quantum chips;
(ii) suppor t the development of new or existing pilot lines, clean rooms and foundr ies for prot otyping and producing 
quantum chips for the integration of quantum circuits and control electronics;
(iii) develop facilities for testing and validating advanced quantum chips produced by the pilot lines, with a view to 
closing the innovation feedback loop between designers, producers and users of quantum components;
(d) under its operational objective 4:
(i) strengthen capacities and offer a wide range of exper tise to the stak eholders, including end-user start-ups and SMEs, 
facilitating access to and the effective use of the capacities and facilities refer red to in this Article;
(ii) address the knowledg e and skills shor tage and mismatch by attracting, mobilising and retaining new talent on 
researc h, design and production and suppor ting the emerge nce of a suitably skilled workf orce in science, 
technology , engineer ing and mathematics (STEM) subjects up to the postdoctoral level for strengthening the 
semiconduct or ecosystem, including by offering suitable training oppor tunities for students, for exam ple dual 
study programmes and student orientation, in addition to reskilling and upskilling of work ers;
(e) under its operational objective 5:
(i) impro ve the leverage effect of the Union budget spending and achi eving a higher multiplier effect in term s of 
attracting private-sect or financing;
(ii) provide suppor t to companies facing difficulties in accessing finance, and address the need to under pin the 
economic resilience throughout the Union and the Member State s;EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union 18.9.2023 L 229/21  

--- Page 22 ---
(iii) accelerat e and impro ve accessibility to inve stment in the field of chip design, semiconduct or manuf actur ing and 
integration technologies, and leverage funding from both the public and the private sector s, while increasing the 
secur ity of supply and the resilience of the semiconduct or ecosystem for the whole semiconduct or value chain.
Article 6
Synergies with Union prog rammes
The Initiative shall be implemented in synergy with Union programmes in accordance with Annex III. The Commission 
shall ensure that the achi evement of the objectives is not ham pered when leveraging the compl ementar y charact er of the 
Initiative with Union programmes.
Article 7
European chips infrastr ucture consor tiums
1. For the purpose of implementing actions funded under the Initiative, a legal entity may be established in the form of a 
European chips infrastr ucture consor tium (ECIC) in accordance with this Article. More than one ECIC may be established.
2. An ECIC shall:
(a) have legal personality from the date of entr y into force of the Commission implementing act referred to in paragraph 5;
(b) have, in each Member State concer ned, the most exte nsive legal capacity accorded to legal entities under the national 
law of that Member State and, in particular , the capacity to acquire, own and dispose of mov able proper ty, immo vable 
proper ty and IP, conclude contracts and be a party to legal proceedings;
(c) have a sing le statut ory seat, which shall be locat ed on the territory of a Member State;
(d) be established by at least three members (founding members), namely Member States, or public or private legal entities 
from at least three Member State s, or a combination thereof, with a view to achieving broad representation across the 
Union;
(e) ensure that, followi ng the adoptio n of the implementing act referred to in paragraph 5 establishing the ECIC, other 
Member States may join it as members at any time, that other public or private legal entities may join it as members at 
any time on fair and reasonable term s specified in the statut es of the ECIC and that Member States that do not provid e a 
financial or a non-financial contr ibution may join it as obser vers without voting rights, by notifying the ECIC;
(f) appoint a coordinat or.
3. The coordinat or of a potential ECIC shall, on behalf of all of the founding members, submit an application to the 
Commission in writing. That application shall contain the followi ng:
(a) a request to the Commission to establish an ECIC, including a list of founding members that are forming the 
consor tium;
(b) a descr iption of the principal tasks, activities and necessar y resources needed to compl ete the actions set out in the 
application;
(c) the draf t statut es of the ECIC, which shall include at least the followi ng elements:
(i) the duration of and procedure for winding-up in accordance with Article 10;
(ii) the liability regime in accordance with Article 8;
(iii) the statut ory seat and name of the ECIC;
(iv) the scope of the ECIC’s tasks and activities;
(v) the membership, including the conditions of and procedure for chang es in membership;
(vi) the budge t, including the arrangements for financia l and in-kind contr ibutions from its members;EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union L 229/22 18.9.2023  

--- Page 23 ---
(vii) ownership of the results;
(viii) governance, including the decision-making process and specifi c roles;
(ix) if applicable, voting rights;
(d) a declaration by the host Member State on whether it recognises the ECIC as an internatio nal body within the meaning 
of Article 143(1), point (g), and Article 151(1), point (b), of Directive 2006/112/EC, and as an international 
organisation within the meaning of Article 11(1), point (b), of Directive (EU) 2020/262, from its date of establishment, 
subject to limits and conditions of the exem ptions provided for in those provisions, whic h shall be laid down in an 
agreement between the members of the ECIC;
(e) a descr iption detailing how the actions taken by the ECIC are to contr ibute to the relevant objectives set out in Article 4, 
including an over view of the expect ed impact of potential public funding;
(f) a statement to the effect that the ECIC is to carry out its activities in accordance with sound budgetary principles for the 
exercise of its financial responsibility .
4. The Commission shall assess the applications on the basis of all of the followi ng criteria:
(a) the appropr iate compet ences, kno w-how and capabilities of the proposed founding members of the ECIC on 
semiconduct ors;
(b) the appropr iate manag ement capacity , staff and resources necessar y to carry out its statut ory purpose;
(c) the operational and lega l means to apply the administrative, contractual and financial manag ement rules laid down at 
Union level;
(d) the appropr iate financial viability corresponding to the level of Union funds it will be called upon to manage and 
demonstrated, where appropr iate, through accounting documents and bank state ments;
(e) the contr ibutions of the members of the ECIC that would be made available to the ECIC, and relat ed arrangements;
(f) the openness of the ECIC to new members;
(g) the ability of the ECIC to ensure coverag e of the needs of the Union’s semiconduct or value chain, including start-ups 
and SMEs;
(h) the contr ibution to the relevant objectives set out in Article 4 of the action proposed to be implement ed, in particular 
its contr ibution to ensur ing the long-ter m competiti veness of the Union’s semiconductor sector .
5. The Commission shall adopt an imple menting act on the basis of the criteria set out in paragraph 4 either recognising 
an applicant as an ECIC or rejecting the application. The Commission shall notify the founding members according ly. Those 
imp lementing acts shall be adopt ed in accordance with the examination procedure referred to in Article 38(2).
6. The implementing act establishing the ECIC shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union.
7. Amendments to the statut es of the ECIC shall compl y with and contr ibute to the objectives of this Regulation. The 
ECIC shall notify such amendments to the Commission within 10 days of adop tion. The notifi cations shall contain the 
follo wing:
(a) the text of the amendments proposed or, where appropr iate, adop ted, including the date on whic h they enter into force; 
and
(b) the amended consolidate d version of the statute s of the ECIC.EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union 18.9.2023 L 229/23  

--- Page 24 ---
The Commission may object to such amendments within 60 days of receipt of such notification, giving reasons why the 
amendments do not meet the requirements of this Regulation.
The amendments shall take effect after expir y of the period referred to in the second subparagraph, after the Commission 
has waived its right to object or after the Commission has revok ed its objection.
8. An ECIC shall produce an annual activity repor t, containing a technical descr iption of its activities and a financia l 
state ment. The annual activity repor t shall include an assessment of the environmental and social impact of the actions 
funded and shall be transmitted to the Commission and made publicly available. The Commission may provide 
recommendations regarding the matte rs covered in the annual activity repor t. The Commission shall send the ECICs ’ 
annual activity repor ts to the European Parliament and to the European Semiconducto r Board without undue dela y.
9. Where a Member State considers that the ECIC has refused to accept a new member to the consor tium without 
provid ing sufficient reasons for such a refusal on the basis of the fair and reasonable term s specifi ed in its statut es, that 
Member State may bring the matter to the attention of the Public Authorities Board of the Chips Joint Under taking. The 
Public Author ities Board of the Chips Joint Under taking shall, if necessar y, recommend that the ECIC take remedial action, 
such as an amendment to its statutes, in accordance with Article 137, point (f), of Regulation (EU) 2021/2085.
Article 8
Liability of the ECIC
1. An ECIC shall be liable for its debts.
2. The financial liability of the members for the debts of the ECIC shall be limited to their respective contr ibutions 
provid ed to the ECIC. The members may specify in the statut es of the ECIC that they will assume a fixed liability above 
their respective contr ibutions or unlimit ed liability .
3. The Union shall not be liable for an ECIC’s debts.
Article 9
Applicable law and jurisdiction of the ECIC
1. The setting-up and intern al functioning of an ECIC shall be govern ed by:
(a) Union law, in particular this Regulation;
(b) national law of the Member State where the ECIC has its statutor y seat in the case of matters not, or only partly, 
regulated by Union law;
(c) the statutes of the ECIC and their implementing rules.
2. Without prejudice to the cases in which the Cour t of Justice of the European Union (Cour t of Justice) has jurisdiction 
under the Treaties, the national law of the Member State where the ECIC has its statut ory seat shall deter mine the compet ent 
jurisdiction for the resolution of disputes among the members in relation to the ECIC, between the members and the ECIC, 
and between an ECIC and third parties.
Article 10
Winding-up of the ECIC
1. The statut es of an ECIC shall determine the procedure to be followed for the winding-up of that ECIC following a 
decision of its members.
2. The insolvency rules of the Member State where the ECIC has its statut ory seat shall apply in the event that the ECIC is 
unable to pay its debts.EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union L 229/24 18.9.2023  

--- Page 25 ---
Article 11
European netw ork of competence centres in semiconduct ors
1. For the purposes of the Initiative’s operational objective 4, a European netw ork of compet ence centres in 
semiconduct ors, system integration and design (the ‘netw ork’) shall be established. The netw ork shall be compo sed of the 
compet ence centres selected by the Chips Joint Under taking in accordance with paragraph 3.
2. Com petence centres shall perform all or some of the followi ng activities to the benefit of and in close cooperation 
with the Union industr y, in particular SMEs and mid-caps, as well as researc h and technology orga nisations, universities, 
and the public sector and other relevant stake holders across the semiconduct or value chain:
(a) providing access to design services and design tools under the Initiative’s operational objective 1, as well as to the pilot 
lines suppor ted under the Initiative’s operational objective 2;
(b) raising aware ness and providing the necessar y kno w-how , exper tise and skills to the stak eholders for helping them 
accelerate the development of new semiconductor technologies, semiconductor manufactur ing, equipment, design 
options and system concep ts as well as the integration of new semiconduct or technologies, by using effectively the 
infrastr ucture and other available resources of the netw ork;
(c) raising awareness and provid ing or ensur ing access to exper tise, know-ho w and services, including system design 
readiness, new and existing pilot lines and suppor ting actions necessar y to build skills and compet ences suppor ted by 
the Initiative;
(d) facilitating the transfer of exper tise and kno w-how between Member States and regions encouraging exchange s of 
skills, kno wledge and good practices and encouraging joint programmes;
(e) developing and managing specific training actions on semiconduct or technologies and their applications to suppor t the 
development of the talent pool, by skilling and reskilling, and to increase the number of students as well as the quality 
of education in relevant fields of studies up to PhD level at schools and universities locat ed in the Union by facilitating 
connections between students and semiconductor compan ies across the Union, while paying particular attenti on to 
women’s participation.
3. Member States shall designate candidate compe tence centres in accordance with their national procedures, 
administrative and institutional structures through an open and competitive process.
The work programme of the Chips Joint Under taking shall set the procedure for establishing compet ence centres, including 
the selection criteria as well as further details on the implemen tation of the tasks and functions refer red to in this Article.
The Chips Joint Under taking shall select the compet ence centres forming the netw ork.
Member State s and the Commission shall maximise synergies with existing compet ence centres established under other 
Union initiatives such as the European Digital Inno vation Hubs.
4. The compet ence centres shall have substantial overall auton omy to lay down their organisation, compo sition and 
working methods. The organisati on, compo sition and working methods of the compet ence centres shall compl y with and 
contr ibut e to the objectives of this Regulation and the Initiative.
Article 12
Implement ation
1. The Initiative’s operational objectives 1 to 4 shall be entr usted to the Chips Joint Under taking and implement ed by 
actions set out in the work programme of the Chips Joint Under taking.EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union 18.9.2023 L 229/25  

--- Page 26 ---
2. In order to reflect technological change and mark et developments, the Commission is empowered to adopt delegat ed 
acts in accordance with Article 37 to amend Annex I with regar d to the actions set out therein in a manner consistent with 
the objectives of the Initiative set out in Article 4.
3. In order to ensure effective implementation and evaluation of the Initiative, the Commission is empo wered to adopt 
delegat ed acts in accordance with Article 37 to amend Annex II with regard to the measurable indicators to monitor the 
imp lementation and to repor t on the progress of the Initiative towards the achi evement of its objectives as set out in 
Article 4.
4. In order to ensure effective implementation, monitoring and evaluation of the Initiative, the annual activity repor t of 
the Chips Joint Under taking shall include information on matters related to the Initiative’s operational objectives 1 to 4, on 
the basis of the measurable indicators set out in Annex II.
5. The Commission shall inform the European Semiconductor Board on progress in the implementation of the 
Initiative’s operational objective 5 on a regular basis.
CHAPTER III
Secur ity of supply and resilience
Article 13
Integ rated production facilities
1. Integrat ed production facilities shall be first-of-a-kind facilities for semiconduct or manufactur ing, and, where 
relevant, including design, or for the production of equipment or key components for such equipment predominantly used 
in semiconduct or manuf actur ing in the Union, which may integrat e other steps of the supply chain, and that contr ibute to 
the secur ity of supply and the resilience of the Union’s semiconductor ecosystem and in addition they may, where relevant, 
contr ibut e to the secur ity of the global semiconduct or supply chains.
2. At the time of submitting an application in accordance with Article 15(1), an integrated production facility shall be 
required to qualify as a first-of-a-kind facility .
3. An integrat ed production facility shall meet the following requirements:
(a) its establishment has a clear positive impa ct with spill-ov er effects beyond the under taking or Member State concer ned, 
on the Union’s semiconductor value chain in the medium to long term, with a view to ensur ing secur ity of supply and 
resilience of the semiconduct or ecosystem, including the growth of start-ups and SMEs, and contr ibuting to the Union’s 
green and digital transitions;
(b) it provides an assurance that it is not subject to the extrat erritori al application of public service obligations of third 
countr ies in a way that may under mine the under taking’s ability to compl y with the oblig ations set out in Article 26(1) 
and commits to informing the Commission when such oblig ation arises;
(c) it inve sts in the Union in continued inno vation with a view to achieving concrete advances in semiconduct or 
technology or prepar ing next-gener ation technologies;
(d) it suppor ts the Union’s talent pipeline by developing and deplo ying educational and skills training and by increasing the 
pool of qualifi ed and skilled workf orce.
4. For the purpose of investing in continued innovati on in accordance with paragraph 3, point (c), of this Article 
integrat ed production facilities shall have preferen tial access to the pilot lines established in accordance with Article 5, 
point (b). Any such prefe rential access shall neither excl ude nor prevent effective access on fair term s to the pilot lines by 
other interest ed under takings, in particular start-ups and SMEs.EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union L 229/26 18.9.2023  

--- Page 27 ---
Article 14
Open EU foundri es
1. Open EU foundr ies shall be first-of-a-kind facilities for semiconduct or manuf actur ing in the Union that offer 
production capacity to unrelated under takings and thereb y contr ibut e to the secur ity of supply for the internal mark et and 
the resilience of the Union’s semiconduct or ecosystem and in addition they may, where relevant, contr ibute to the secur ity 
of the global semiconduct or supply chain.
2. At the time of submitting an application in accordance with Article 15(1), an open EU foundr y shall be required to 
qualify as a first-of-a-kind facility .
3. An open EU foundr y shall meet the followi ng requirements:
(a) its establishment has a clear positive impact, with spill-over effects beyond the under taking or the Member State 
concer ned, on the Union’s semiconduct or value chain in the medium to long term, with a view to ensur ing secur ity of 
supply and resilience of the semiconduct or ecosyste m, including the growth of start-ups and SMEs, and contr ibuting to 
the Union’s green and digital transitions, taking into account, in particular , the extent to which it offers front-end or 
back -end production capacity , or both, to under takings whic h are not relat ed to the facility , if there is suffi cient 
demand;
(b) it provides an assurance that it is not subject to the extrat erritori al application of public service obligations of third 
countr ies in a way that may under mine the under taking’s ability to compl y with the oblig ations set out in Article 26(1) 
and commits to informing the Commission when such oblig ation arises;
(c) it inve sts in the Union in continued inno vation with a view to achieving concrete advances in semiconduct or 
technology or prepar ing next-gener ation technologies;
(d) it suppor ts the Union’s talent pipeline by developing and deplo ying educational and skills training and by increasing the 
pool of qualifi ed and skilled workf orce.
4. Where an open EU foundr y offers production capacity to under takings not related to the operat or of the facility , it 
shall establish and maintain adequate and effective functional separation of the design and manufactur ing processes in 
order to ensure the protection of information obtained at each stage.
5. For the purpose of investing in the continued innovati on in accordance with paragraph 3, point (c), of this Article, 
open EU foundr ies shall have preferential access to the pilot lines established in accordance with Article 5, point (b). Any 
such preferen tial access shall neither exclude nor prevent effective access on fair terms to the pilot lines by other interested 
under takings, in particular start-ups and SMEs.
Article 15
Application for status as integ rated production facility or open EU foundr y
1. Any under taking or any consor tium of under takings may submit an application to the Commission to grant a project 
the status of integrated production facility or open EU foundr y.
2. The Commission shall, taking into account the views of the European Semiconducto r Board, assess the application 
through a fair and transparent process on the basis of the follo wing elements:
(a) compliance with the criteria set out in Article 13(2) or Article 14(2), respectively , and a commitment to comply with 
Article 13(3) or Article 14(3), respectively ;
(b) a business plan evaluating the financial and technical viability of the project, taking into account its entire lifetime, 
including information on any planned public suppor t;
(c) proven exper ience of the applicant in installing and operating similar facilities;EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union 18.9.2023 L 229/27  

--- Page 28 ---
(d) provision of an appropr iate suppor ting document proving the readiness of the Member State or Member States where 
the applicant intends to establish its facility to suppor t the establishment of such a facility ;
(e) the existence of appropr iate policies, including technical prot ection and imple menting measures, aiming to ensure the 
protection of undisclosed information and IP rights, in particular with a view to preventing the unauthor ised 
disclosure of trade secrets or the leakage of sensitive emerging technologies.
The Commission shall provi de guidance on the information required and its relevant format.
3. The Commission shall process applications, adopt its decisions and notify the applicants within six months of receipt 
of a complet e application. Where the Commission considers that the information provid ed in the application is incomple te, 
it shall provid e the applicant with the oppor tunity to submit the additional information required to complet e the 
application without undue dela y. The Commission’s decision shall deter mine the duration of the status on the basis of the 
predicte d lifetime of the project.
4. The Commission shall monitor the progress achieved in the establishment and operation of integrated production 
facilities and open EU foundr ies and shall inform the European Semiconducto r Board on a regular basis.
5. The operat or of the facility may request the Commission to review the duration of the status or to modify its 
imp lementation plans with regar d to compl iance with the requirements under Article 13(3) or Article 14(3), respectively , 
where it considers such a review to be duly justif ied on account of unforeseen extern al circumstances. On the basis of such 
a review , the Commission may revise the duration of the status grant ed in accordance with paragraph 3 of this Article or 
accept the modifi cation of the implementation plans.
6. Where the Commission finds that a facility no long er fulfils the requirements set out in Article 13(3) or Article 14(3), 
it shall give the operat or of the integrated production facility or open EU foundr y the oppor tunity to comment and to 
propose appropr iate measures.
7. The Commission may repeal a decision recognising the status of an integrated production facility or open EU foundr y 
if the recognition was based on an application containing incor rect information or where, despite compl eting the 
procedure in paragraph 5 of this Article, the integrat ed production facility or open EU foundr y does not fulfil the 
requirements set out in Article 13(3) or Article 14(3), respectively . Before taking such a decision, the Commission shall 
consult the European Semiconducto r Board after provid ing it with the reasons for the proposed repeal. Any decision 
withdra wing the status of an integrat ed production facility or open EU foundr y shall be properly reasoned and subject to a 
right of appeal by the operat or.
8. Facili ties whose status as integrat ed production facility or open EU foundr y have been repealed pursuant to paragraph 
7 of this Article shall lose all rights linked to the recognition of this status arising from this Regulation. Howe ver, such 
facilities shall remain subject to the oblig ation set out in Article 26(1) for a period equivalent to that whic h was initially 
foreseen when the status was granted in accordance with paragraph 3 of this Article, or, where the status was reviewed, the 
applicable duration in accordance with paragraph 5 of this Article.
Article 16
Public interest and public suppor t
1. Integrat ed production facilities and open EU foundr ies shall be considered to contr ibute to the secur ity of supply of 
semiconduct ors and the resilience of the Union’s semiconductor ecosystem and theref ore to be in the public inter est.
2. In order to reach secur ity of supply and the resilience of the Union’s semiconduct or ecosystem , Member States may, 
without prejudice to Articles 107 and 108 TFEU, apply suppor t measures and provi de for administrative suppor t to 
integrat ed production facilities and open EU foundr ies in accordance with Article 18.EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union L 229/28 18.9.2023  

--- Page 29 ---
Article 17
Design centres of excellence
1. The Commission may awar d a label of ‘design centre of exce llence ’ to design centres established in the Union that 
signif icantly enhance the Union’s capabilities in innovati ve chip design through their service offer ings or through the 
development, promotion and strengthening of design skills and capabilities.
2. The Commission shall adop t delegat ed acts in accordance with Article 37, supplementing this Regulation by 
establishing the procedure for applications and the requirements and conditions for the granting, monitori ng and 
withdra wal of the label refer red to in paragraph 1 of this Article.
3. Design centres of exce llence shall be considered to be in the public interest, thereby contr ibuting to the resilience of 
the Union’s semiconduct or ecosystem. Member States may, without prejudice to Articles 107 and 108 TFEU, apply 
suppor t measures for design centres of excellen ce, in particular if such design centres of excellence are SMEs.
Article 18
Fast-tracking of permit-g ranting procedures
1. Member State s shall ensure that administrative applications relat ed to the planning, constr uction and operation of 
integrat ed production facilities and open EU foundr ies are processed in an efficient, transparent and timely manner . To that 
end, all national author ities concer ned shall ensure that the most rapid treatment legally possible is given to these 
applications in a manner that fully respects national law and procedure.
2. Where such a status exists in national law, integrat ed production facilities and open EU foundr ies shall be allocat ed 
the status of the highest national signif icance possible and be treated as such in permit-granting processes. This paragraph 
shall apply only where such status of the highest national signif icance exists in national law and does not creat e an 
oblig ation for Member State s to introduce such status.
3. The secur ity of supply of semiconduct ors and the resilience of the semiconduct or ecosystem may be considered to be 
an imp erative reason of overriding public interest within the meaning of Article 6(4) and Article 16(1), point (c), of 
Directive 92/43/EEC and of overriding public interest within the meaning of Article 4(7) of Directive 2000/60/EC. 
Theref ore, the planning, constr uction and operation of integrat ed production facilities and open EU foundr ies may be 
considered to be of over riding public inter est, provided that the remaining other conditions set out in those provisions are 
fulfilled . This paragraph shall be without prejudice to the applicability or implemen tation of other Union environmental 
law.
4. For each integrat ed production facility and open EU foundr y, each Member State concer ned may designat e an 
author ity responsible for facilitating and coordinating administrative applications relat ed to planning, constr uction and 
operation.
Each designated author ity may appoint a coordinat or who shall serve as the sing le point of contact for the integrated 
production facility or open EU foundr y.
If the establishment of an integrat ed production facility or an open EU foundr y requires decisions to be taken in two or 
more Member States, the relevant designat ed author ities may take all necessar y steps for efficient and effective cooperation 
and coordination among themselves.EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union 18.9.2023 L 229/29  

--- Page 30 ---
CHAPTER IV
Monitor ing and crisis response
Section 1
Monit oring
Article 19
Strategic mapping of the Union’s semiconductor sector
1. The Commission shall carry out a strategic mapping of the Union’s semiconductor sector in cooperation with the 
European Semiconducto r Board. The strategic mapping shall provid e an analysis of the Union’s strengths and weaknesses 
in the global semiconductor sector and identify factors such as:
(a) key products and critical infrastr uctures in the internal mark et that are depending on the supply of semiconduct ors;
(b) main user industr ies in the Union and their current and expect ed needs and dependencies, including an analysis of the 
possible risks to secur ity of supply also linked to insuffi cient investment ;
(c) key segments of the Union’s semiconduct or supply chain, including design, software for design, mater ials, 
manufactur ing equipment, semiconduct or manufactur ing and outsourced back -end;
(d) the technological characteri stics, the dependencies on third-countr y technology and provid ers, and bottlenecks of the 
Union’s semiconduct or sector including access to inputs;
(e) current and expected needs for skills and effective access to qualified workf orce in the semiconduct or sector;
(f) where appropr iate, the potential impact of crisis measures refer red to in Articles 25, 26, and 27 on the semiconduct or 
sector .
2. The Commission shall inform the European Semiconductor Board of the aggregat e results of the strateg ic mapping 
on a regular basis.
3. The Commission shall, on the basis of the outcome of the strateg ic mapping carried out pursuant to paragraph 1 and 
after consulting the European Semiconducto r Board, develop a list of early warning indicators. The Commission, after 
consulting the European Semiconducto r Board, shall review the list of early warning indicators on a regular basis, at least 
ever y two years.
4. The Commission shall, after consulting the European Semiconducto r Board, develop a framewor k and methodology 
for a strategic mapping of the semiconduct or sector . The Commission shall updat e the framew ork and the methodology 
where necessar y.
5. The strategic mapping shall be based, inter alia, on publicly and commercially available data and relevant non- 
conf idential information from under takings, the result of similar analysis performe d, including in the cont ext of Union law 
on raw mater ials and renewable energy , as well as the evaluations carried out pursuant to Article 40(1). Where this is not 
enough to develop the strategic mapping pursuant to paragraph 1 of this Article, the Commission may issue voluntary 
information requests to actor s on the semiconduct or value chain in the Union, after consulting the European 
Semiconducto r Board. The Commission shall use the standardised and secure means for the collection and processing of 
information, referred to in Article 32(4), for the purposes of such information requests.
6. Any information obtained pursuant to this Article shall be treated in compl iance with the conf identiality oblig ations 
set out in Article 32.EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union L 229/30 18.9.2023  

--- Page 31 ---
7. The Commission shall, after consulting the European Semiconducto r Board, adop t guidance for the provision of 
information pursuant to paragraph 5. The Commission shall update that guidance when necessar y.
Article 20
Monito ring and anticipation
1. The Commission, in consultation with the European Semiconductor Board, shall carry out regular monitor ing of the 
semiconduct or value chain with a view to identifying factors that may disrupt, compromise or negativ ely affect the supply 
of semiconduct ors or trade in semiconductors. For the purposes of this Regulation, the monitori ng shall consist of the 
follo wing activities:
(a) monitori ng of early warning indicators identified pursuant to Article 19;
(b) monitori ng by Member States of the integrit y of activities carried out by the key mark et actors identified pursuant to 
Article 21 and repor ting by Member States on major events that may hinder the regular operations of such activities;
(c) identifying best practices for preventive risk mitig ation and increased transparency in the semiconduct or sector.
The Commission, after consulting the European Semiconducto r Board, shall define the frequency of the monit oring on the 
basis of the needs of the semiconduct or sector .
The Commission shall coordinat e the activities relat ed to the monitoring of the semiconductor sector , on the basis of 
information collect ed pursuant to Article 19 or from other sources, such as intern ational partners.
2. The Commission shall pay particular attention to SMEs to minimise administrative burden resulting from the 
information collection.
3. The Commission shall invit e key mark et actors, a representative set of users of semiconduct ors from the critical 
sector s, representative orga nisations of the semiconduct or value chain and other relevant stak eholders to provide 
information, on a voluntar y basis, for the purpose of carrying out monit oring activities in accordance with paragraph 1, 
first subparagraph, point (a).
4. For the purposes of paragraph 1, first subparagraph, point (b), Member States may request information, on a 
volun tary basis, from key mark et actors where necessar y and propor tionate .
5. For the purposes of paragraph 3 national compet ent author ities shall establish and maintain a list of contacts of all 
relevant under takings operating along the semiconduct or supply chain established in their territory . That list shall be 
transmitted to the Commission. The Commission shall provide for a standardised format for the list of contacts with a 
view to ensur ing inter operability .
6. Any acquired information pursuant to this Article shall be handled in accordance with Article 32.
7. On the basis of the information collected through the activities under paragraph 1, the Commission shall provide a 
repor t of the aggregat ed find ings to the European Semiconducto r Board in the form of regular updat es. The European 
Semiconducto r Board shall meet to assess the results of the monitori ng. The Commission shall invit e representative 
organisations of the semiconductor sector to such meetings. Where relevant, the Commission may invit e key mark et 
actors, users of semiconduct ors from the critical sectors, author ities or representative organisations of partner third 
countr ies, and exper ts from academia and civil society to such meetings.EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union 18.9.2023 L 229/31  

--- Page 32 ---
Article 21
Key market actors
Member States shall, in cooperation with the Commission in accordance with Article 19, identify key market actors along 
the semiconduct or supply chains established in their territory, taking into account the following elements:
(a) the number of other Union under takings relying on the service or good provid ed by a mark et actor;
(b) the Union or global mark et share of the key market actor in the market for such services or goods;
(c) the importance of a mark et actor in maintaining a sufficient level of supply of a service or good in the Union, taking 
into account the availability of alternative means for the provision of that service or good;
(d) the impact a disrupti on of supply of the service or good provided by the market actor may have on the Union’s 
semiconductor supply chain and dependent mark ets.
Section 2
Aler ts and the activation of the crisis stage
Article 22
Aler ts and prev entiv e action
1. Where a national compet ent author ity becomes aware of a risk of serious disruption in the supply of semiconduct ors 
or has concrete and reliable information of any other relevant risk factor or event mater ialising, it shall alert the 
Commission without undue dela y.
2. Where the Commission becomes awar e of a risk of serious disruption in the supply of semiconduct ors or has 
concrete and reliable information of any other relevant risk factor or event mate rialising, including on the basis of early 
warning indicator s, upon an alert pursuant to paragraph 1 or from intern ational partners, it shall, without undue dela y, 
carry out the followi ng preventive actions:
(a) convening an extraordinar y meeting of the European Semiconductor Board to coordinate the followi ng actions:
(i) discussing the sever ity of the disruptions to the supply of semiconduct ors;
(ii) discussing whether initiating the procedure refer red to in Article 23 may be necessar y and propor tionate;
(iii) discussing whether it is appropr iate, necessar y and propor tionate for Member State s to jointly purchase 
semiconduct ors, interm ediate products or raw mater ials as a preventive measure (joint procurement);
(iv) entering into dialogue with stak eholders of the semiconduct or value chain with a view to identifying, prepar ing 
and possibly coordinating preventive measures;
(b) on behalf of the Union, entering into consultations or cooperation with relevant third countr ies with a view to seeking 
cooperative solutions to address supply-chain disrupti ons, in compl iance with intern ational obligations, whic h may 
involve, where appropr iate, carrying out coordination in relevant intern ational fora;
(c) asking national compet ent author ities to assess the state of preparedness of the key market actors.EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union L 229/32 18.9.2023  

--- Page 33 ---
3. Any joint procurement carried out following the discussions refer red to in paragraph 2, point (a)(iii), shall be carried 
out by Member States in accordance with the rules set out in Articles 38 and 39 of Directive 2014/24/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council (31)and in Articles 56 and 57 of Directive 2014/25/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council (32).
Article 23
Activation of the crisis stage
1. A semiconduct or crisis shall be considered to occur where:
(a) there are serious disruptions in the semiconductor supply chain or serious obstacles to trade in semiconductors within 
the Union causing significant shor tages of semiconduct ors, interm ediat e products or raw or processed mate rials; and
(b) such significant shor tages prevent the supply , repair or maintenance of essential products used by critical sectors to the 
extent that it would have serious detr imental effect on the functioning of the critical sectors due to their impact on 
society , economy and secur ity of the Union.
2. Where the Commission becomes aware of a potential semiconduct or crisis pursuant to Article 22(2), it shall assess 
whether the conditions of paragraph 1 of this Article are met. That assessment shall take into account the potential 
positive and negative impacts and consequences of the crisis stage on the Union’s semiconduct or industr y and critical 
sector s. Where that assessment provid es concrete and reliable evidence, the Commission may, after consulting the 
European Semiconductor Board, propose to the Council to activate the crisis stage.
3. The Council, acting by qualified majority, may activat e the crisis stage by means of a Council implementing act. The 
duration of the crisis stage shall be specified in the implementing act and it shall not exceed 12 months.
The Commission shall repor t on a regular basis and in any event at least ever y three months to the European 
Semiconducto r Board and to the European Parliament on the state of the crisis.
4. Before the expir y of the duration for which the crisis stage was activate d, the Commission shall assess whether it is 
appropr iate to prolong the crisis stage. Where such assessment provi des concrete and reliable evidence that the conditions 
for the activation of the crisis are still met, and after consulting the European Semiconductor Board, the Commission may 
propose to the Council to prolong the crisis stage .
The Council, acting by qualified majority, may prolong the crisis stage by means of a Council implementing act. The 
duration of the prolongatio n shall be limited and specified in the Council imple menting act.
The Commission may propose prolonging the crisis stage once or more frequently where duly justif ied.
5. Dur ing the crisis stage, the Commission shall, after consulting the European Semiconducto r Board, assess the 
appropr iateness of an early term ination of the crisis stage. If the assessment indicates so, the Commission may propose to 
the Council to term inate the crisis stage.
The Council may term inate the crisis stage by means of a Council implementing act.
6. Dur ing the crisis stage, the Commission shall, upon request from a Member State or on its own initiative, convene 
extraordinar y meetings of the European Semiconductor Board where necessar y.
(31)Directive 2014/24/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 Febr uary 2014 on public procurement and repealing 
Directive 2004/18/EC (OJ L 94, 28.3.2014, p. 65).
(32)Directive 2014/25/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 Febr uary 2014 on procurement by entities operating in 
the water, energy , transpor t and postal services secto rs and repealing Directive 2004/17/EC (OJ L 94, 28.3.2014, p. 243).EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union 18.9.2023 L 229/33  

--- Page 34 ---
Member States shall work closely with the Commission, inform in a timely manner about and coordinat e any national 
measures taken with regar d to the semiconduct or supply chain within the European Semiconducto r Board.
7. Upon expir y of the period for whic h the crisis stage is activate d or in the event of its early term ination pursuant to 
paragraph 5 of this Article, the measures taken in accordance with Articles 25, 26 and 27 shall cease to apply immediately .
8. The Commission shall update the mapping and the monitori ng of the semiconductor value chains pursuant to 
Articles 19 and 20 taking into account the exper ience from the crisis no later than six months after the expir y of the 
duration of the crisis stage.
Section 3
Shor tage response
Article 24
Emergency toolbo x
1. Where the crisis stage is activat ed pursuant to Article 23 and where necessar y in order to address the semiconduct or 
crisis in the Union, the Commission may take the measure provided for in Article 25, 26 or 27, under the conditions laid 
down therein.
2. The Commission shall, after consulting the European Semiconductor Board, restr ict the application of the measures 
provid ed for in Articles 26 and 27 to the critical sectors the operation of which is disturbed or under threat of disturbance 
on account of the semiconductor crisis. The use of the measures refer red to in paragraph 1 of this Article shall be 
propor tionat e and restr icted to what is necessar y for addressing serious disrupti ons affecting critical sectors in the Union 
and must be in the best interest of the Union. The use of those measures shall avoid placing dispropor tionate 
administrative burden in particular on SMEs.
3. Where the crisis stage is activate d pursuant to Article 23 and where appropr iate in order to address the 
semiconduct or crisis in the Union, the European Semiconducto r Board may:
(a) assess and advise on appropr iate and effective emerg ency measures;
(b) assess the expected impact of the possible impositio n of prote ctive measures on the Union’s semiconduct or sector , 
consider ing whether the mark et situation corresponds to a signif icant shor tage of an essential product pursuant to 
Regulation (EU) 2015/479 and provid e an opinion to the Commission.
4. The Commission shall regularly inform the European Parliament and the Council of any measures take n in 
accordance with paragraph 1 and explain the reasons for its decision.
5. The Commission may, after consulting the European Semiconducto r Board, issue guidance on the implementation 
and the use of the emergency measures.
Article 25
Informa tion gather ing
1. Where the crisis stage is activat ed pursuant to Article 23, the Commission may request under takings operating along 
the semiconduct or supply chain to provid e information about their production capabilities, production capacities and 
current primar y disrupti ons. The request ed information shall be limited to what is necessar y to assess the nature of the 
semiconduct or crisis or to identify and assess poten tial mitig ation or emergency measures at Union or national level. The 
information requests shall not entail the supply of information the disclosure of which would be contrar y to the Member 
State s’ national secur ity inter ests.EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union L 229/34 18.9.2023  

--- Page 35 ---
2. Before launching a request for information, the Commission may carry out a volun tary consultation of a 
representative number of relevant under takings with a view to identifying the appropr iate and propor tionat e content of 
such a request. The Commission shall develop the request for information in cooperation with the European 
Semiconducto r Board.
3. The Commission shall use the secure means and handle any acquired information in accordance with Article 32 to 
launch the request for information. For this purpose, national compet ent author ities shall transmit to the Commission the 
list of contacts established under Article 20(5).
The Commission shall without dela y forward a copy of the request for information to the national compet ent author ity of 
the Member State in whose territory the production site of the addressed under taking is situated . If the national compet ent 
author ity so requires, the Commission shall transmit the information acquired from the relevant under taking in accordance 
with Union law.
4. The request for information shall state its legal basis, be limited to the minimum necessar y and be propor tionate in 
term s of the granular ity and volume of the data and frequency of access to the data request ed, have regar d for the 
legitimate aims of the under taking and the cost and effort required to mak e the data available, and set out the time limit 
within whic h the information is to be provid ed. It shall also state the penalties provided for in Article 33.
5. The owners of the under takings or their representatives and, in the case of legal persons or associations having no 
lega l personality , the persons author ised to represent them by law or by their constitution shall supply the information 
requeste d on behalf of the under taking or the association of under takings concer ned.
6. If an under taking supplies incor rect, incomplet e or misleading information in response to a request made pursuant to 
this Article, or does not supply the information within the prescr ibed time limit, it shall be subject to fines set in accordance 
with Article 33, excep t where the under taking has suffi cient reasons for not supplying the request ed information.
7. If an under taking established in the Union is subject to a request for information from a third countr y, relat ed to its 
semiconduct or activities, it shall inform the Commission, in due time, in such a manner as to enable the Commission to 
request similar information from the under taking. The Commission shall inform the European Semiconductor Board of 
the existen ce of such request from a third countr y.
Article 26
Priority-rated orders
1. Where the crisis stage is activat ed pursuant to Article 23, the Commission may require integrat ed production facilities 
and open EU foundr ies to accept and prioritise an order of crisis-relevant products (priority-rated order). Such an oblig ation 
shall take precedence over any performa nce oblig ation under private or public law.
2. Where applicable, the oblig ation under paragraph 1 can be imposed to other semiconduct or under takings which 
have accept ed such possibility in the cont ext of receiving public suppor t.
3. When a semiconduct or under taking established in the Union is subject to a third-countr y priority-rated order 
measure, it shall inform the Commission. If that oblig ation has a signif icant impact on the operation of certain critical 
sector s, the Commission may require that under taking, where necessar y and propor tionate, to accept and prioritise orders 
of crisis relevant products in accordance with paragraphs 5, 6 and 7.
4. Priority-rat ed orders shall be restr icted to beneficiar ies who are users of semiconduct ors from critical sector s or 
under takings supplying critical sectors whose activities are disrupted or at risk of disrupti on and who, having implement ed 
appropr iate risk mitig ation measures, were unable to avoid and to mitig ate the impact of the shor tage. The Commission 
may request a beneficiar y to submit appropr iate evidence thereof.EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union 18.9.2023 L 229/35  

--- Page 36 ---
5. The obligations under paragraphs 1, 2 and 3 of this Article shall be enacted as a last resor t measure by the 
Commission via decision. The Commission shall take that decision after consulting the European Semiconducto r Board 
and in accordance with all applicable Union legal oblig ations, having regard to the circumstances of the case, including the 
principles of necessity and propor tionality . The decision shall, in particular , have regar d for the legitimat e aims of the 
under taking concer ned and the cost, effort and technical adjustments required for any chang e in production sequence. In 
its decision, the Commission shall state the legal basis of the priority-rat ed order , fix the time-limit within which the order 
is to be perf ormed, and, where applicable, specify the product and quantity , and, where applicable, state the penalties 
provid ed for in Article 33 for non-compliance with such an oblig ation. The priority-rat ed order shall be placed at fair and 
reasonable price.
6. Before issuing priority-rat ed orders in accordance with paragraph 1, the Commission shall give the envisaged 
recipient of a priority-rat ed order the oppor tunity to be heard on the feasibility and details of the order . The Commission 
shall not issue the priority-rat ed order when:
(a) the under taking is unable to perform the priority-rated order on account of insuffi cient production capability or 
production capacity , or on technical grounds, even under preferential treatment of the order;
(b) acceptance of the order would place an unreasonable economic burden and entail particular hardship for the 
under taking, including substantial risks relating to business continuity .
7. Where an under taking is required to accept and prioritise a priority-rat ed order , it shall not be liable for any breach of 
contractual oblig ations that is required to comply with the priority-rated orders. The liability shall be excl uded only to the 
extent the violation of contractual oblig ations was necessar y for compl iance with the mandated prioritisation.
8. The Commission shall adopt an implementing act laying down the practical and operational arrangements for the 
functioning of priority-rat ed orders. That implementing act shall be adopt ed in accordance with the examination 
procedure refer red to in Article 38(2).
Article 27
Common purchasing
1. Where the crisis stage is activated pursuant to Article 23, the Commission may, upon the request of two or more 
Member State s, act as a central purchasing body on behalf of all Member States willing to participate (par ticipating 
Member State ) for their public procurement of crisis-relevant products for critical sector s (common purchasing). 
Participation in the common purchasing shall be without prejudice to other procurement procedures. The request for 
common purchasing shall set out reasons on which it is based and shall be used excl usively to address supply-chain 
disruptions of semiconduct ors leading to the crisis.
2. The Commission shall assess the utility , necessity and propor tionality of the request, taking into account the views of 
the European Semiconductor Board. Where the Commission intends not to follow the request, it shall inform the Member 
State s concer ned and the European Semiconducto r Board and give reasons for its refusal.
3. The Commission shall draw up a proposal for an agreement to be signed by the participating Member States. Such an 
agreement shall organise in detail the common purc hasing refer red to in paragraph 1, including reasons for the use of the 
common purchas ing mechanism and liabilities to be assumed, and establish the mandate for the Commission to act on 
behalf of the participating Member States.EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union L 229/36 18.9.2023  

--- Page 37 ---
4. Procurement under this Regulation shall be carried out by the Commission in accordance with the rules set out in 
Regulation (EU, Euratom) 2018/1046 of the European Parliament and of the Council (33)(the Financial Regulation) for its 
own procurement. The Commission may have the ability and responsibility , on behalf of all participating Member State s, 
to enter into contracts with economic operators, including individual producers of crisis-relevant products, concer ning the 
purchas e of such products or concer ning the financing of the production or the development of such products in exchang e 
for a priority right to the result.
5. Where the procurement of crisis-relevant products includes financing from the Union budget, specifi c conditions 
may be set out in specific agreements with economic operat ors.
6. The Commission shall carry out the procurement procedures and conclude the contracts with economic operators on 
behalf of the participating Member State s. The Commission shall invit e the participating Member States to appoint 
representatives to take part in the preparation of the procurement procedures. The deplo yment, use or resale of the 
purchas ed products shall remain the responsibility of the participating Member States, in accordance with the agreement 
refer red to in paragraph 3.
7. The deplo yment of common purch asing pursuant to this Article shall be without prejudice to other instr uments 
provid ed for in the Financial Regulation.
CHAPTER V
Governance
Section 1
European Semiconductor Board
Article 28
Establishment and tasks of the European Semiconducto r Board
1. The European Semiconducto r Board is established.
2. The European Semiconducto r Board shall provid e the Commission with advice, assistance and recommendations 
pursuant to this Regulation and, in particular , by:
(a) providing advice on the Initiative to the Public Author ities Board of the Chips Joint Under taking;
(b) providing advice to the Commission in the assessment of the applications for integrat ed production facilities and open 
EU foundr ies;
(c) exchanging views with the Commission on the best ways to ensure, in accordance with Union and national law, 
effective protection and enforcement of IP rights, conf idential information and trade secrets, with due involvement of 
stakeholders, in relation to the semiconduct or sector;
(d) discussing and prepar ing the identif ication of specific sectors and technologies with poten tial high social or 
environmental impact, or secur ity signif icance, and theref ore in need of certification as green, trusted and secure 
products;
(e) addressing issues relating to strateg ic mapping, monitoring, alerting and preventive action and crisis response;
(f) advising on the crisis stage tools under Articles 24 to 27;
(33)Regulation (EU, Eurato m) 2018/1046 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 July 2018 on the financial rules applicable 
to the general budget of the Union, amending Regulations (EU) No 1296/2013, (EU) No 1301/2013, (EU) No 1303/2013, (EU) 
No 1304/2013, (EU) No 1309/2013, (EU) No 1316/2013, (EU) No 223/2014, (EU) No 283/2014, and Decision No 541/2014/EU 
and repealing Regulation (EU, Euratom) No 966/2012 (OJ L 193, 30.7.2018, p. 1).EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union 18.9.2023 L 229/37  

--- Page 38 ---
(g) providing advice and recommendations regarding the consistent implementation of this Regulation, facilitating 
cooperation among Member States and exchang e of information on issues relating to this Regulation.
3. The European Semiconductor Board shall advise the Commission on matters concer ning intern ational cooperation 
relat ed to semiconduct ors. To that end, it may consider stak eholders ’ views, including those of the Industr ial Alliance on 
Processors and Semiconducto r Techn ologies. The European Semiconducto r Board shall periodically discuss the followi ng, 
and shall inform the Commission of the outcome of such discussions:
(a) how to enhance cooperation along the global semiconduct or value chain between the Union and third countr ies, 
taking into account existing international cooperation agreements with third countr ies;
(b) which third countr ies could be prioritised for enhanced intern ational cooperation relat ed to semiconductors, 
consider ing:
(i) compl ementar ities and interdependencies along the semiconduct or supply chain;
(ii) the effect on semiconduct or supply of trade policies, tariffs, expor t restr ictions, trade barriers, as well as the effect 
of business closures, offshor ing or acquisitions of Union key mark et actors by entities established in third countr ies 
on the basis of publicly available information;
(iii) the potential contr ibution to secur ity of supply , taking into account their production capacity of semiconductors, 
interm ediate products and raw mat erials required to produce semiconduct ors or interm ediate products;
(iv) existing cooperation agreements between that third countr y and the Union.
This paragraph shall be without prejudice to the prerogatives of the European Parliament and of the Council pursuant to 
the Treaties.
4. The European Semiconducto r Board shall ensure coordination, cooperation and information exchange, where 
appropr iate, with the relevant crisis response and crisis preparedness structures established under Union law.
Article 29
Structure of the European Semiconduct or Board
1. The European Semiconducto r Board shall be compo sed of representatives from all the Member States. A 
representative of the Commission shall be the Chair of the European Semiconducto r Board.
2. Each Member State shall appoint a high-level representative to the European Semiconducto r Board. Where relevant as 
regards the function and exper tise, a Member State may have more than one representative in relation to different task s of 
the European Semiconducto r Board. Each member of the European Semiconducto r Board shall have an altern ate. Only 
Member States shall have voting rights. Each Member State shall have only one vote regardl ess of the number of 
representatives that they have.
3. At its first meeting, on a proposal by and in agreement with the Chair , the European Semiconducto r Board shall adopt 
its rules of procedure.
4. The Chair may establish standing or temporar y sub-groups for the purpose of examining specific questions.
Where appropr iate, the Chair shall invit e representative organisations of the semiconduct or value chain, the Industr ial 
Alliance on Processors and Semiconductor Techn ologies, trade unions and users of semiconduct ors at Union level to 
provid e input to such sub-groups in the capacity of obser vers.
A sub-group including Union researc h and technology organisations shall be established for the purpose of examining 
specifi c aspects on strategic technology directions and repor ting on this to the European Semiconductor Board.EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union L 229/38 18.9.2023  

--- Page 39 ---
Article 30
Operation of the European Semiconductor Board
1. The European Semiconducto r Board shall hold ordinar y meetings at least once a year. It may hold extraordinar y 
meetings at the request of the Commission or a Member State and as referred to in Articles 20 and 23.
2. The European Semiconducto r Board shall hold separate meetings for its tasks refer red to in Article 28(2), point (a), 
and for its tasks referred to in Article 28(2), points (b), (d), (e) and (f).
3. The Chair shall convene the meetings and prepare the agenda, after consulting the members of the European 
Semiconducto r Board, in accordance with the tasks of the European Semiconducto r Board pursuant to this Regulation and 
with its rules of procedure.
The Commission shall provid e administrative and analytical suppor t for the activities of the European Semiconducto r 
Board pursuant to Article 28.
4. Where appropr iate, the Chair shall involve representative organisations of the semiconduct or sector and shall invit e 
exper ts with specific exper tise in the subject matter , including from stak eholder organisations, and appoint obser vers to 
take part in the meetings, including upon sugges tion from members. The Chair may facilitate exchang es between the 
European Semiconducto r Board and other Union bodies, office s, agencies and exper t and advisor y groups. To that end, the 
Chair shall invit e a representative from the European Parliament as a permanent obser ver to the European Semiconducto r 
Board, in particular to meetings concer ning Chapt er IV on monitori ng and crisis response. The Chair shall ensure the 
participation of relevant other Union institutions and bodies as obser vers to the European Semiconducto r Board with 
respect to meetings concer ning Chapt er IV on monitori ng and crisis response.
Obser vers and exper ts shall not have voting rights and shall not participate in the formulation of opinions, 
recommendations or advice of the European Semiconducto r Board and its sub-groups. Where appropr iate, the European 
Semiconducto r Board may invit e those obser vers and exper ts to contr ibut e with information and insights.
5. The European Semiconducto r Board shall take the necessar y measures to ensure the safe handling and processing of 
conf idential information, in accordance with Article 32.
Section 2
National competent author ities
Article 31
Designation of national competent author ities and single points of contact
1. Each Member State shall designate one or more national compet ent author ities for the purpose of ensur ing the 
application and implementation of this Regulation at national level.
2. Where a Member State designates more than one national compet ent author ity, it shall clearly set out the respective 
responsibilities of the author ities concer ned and shall ensure that they cooperate effectively and efficiently to fulfil their 
tasks under this Regulation, including with regar d to the designation and activities of the national sing le point of contact 
refer red to in paragraph 3.
3. Each Member State shall designat e one national sing le point of contact to exercise a liaison function to ensure cross- 
border cooperation with national compet ent author ities of other Member States, with the Commission and with the 
European Semiconducto r Board (sing le point of contact). Where a Member State designat es only one compet ent author ity, 
that compet ent author ity shall also be the sing le point of contact.EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union 18.9.2023 L 229/39  

--- Page 40 ---
4. Each Member State shall notify the Commission of the designation of the national compet ent author ity or more than 
one national compet ent author ity, and the national sing le point of contact, including their precise tasks and responsibilities 
under this Regulation, their contact information and any subsequent changes thereto.
5. Member States shall ensure that national compet ent author ities, including the sing le point of contact designat ed, 
exer cise their powers impartially , transparently and in a timely manner and that they are provid ed with the powers and the 
adequate technical, financial and human resources to fulfil their tasks under this Regulation.
6. Member States shall ensure that national compet ent author ities, whenever appropr iate and in accordance with Union 
and national law, consult and cooperat e with other relevant national author ities, as well as with relevant inter ested parties.
The Commission shall facilitate the exchange of exper ience between national compet ent author ities.
CHAPTER VI
Conf identiality and penalties
Article 32
Treatment of conf idential information
1. Information acquired in the course of imp lementing this Regulation shall be used only for the purposes of this 
Regulation and shall be prote cted by the relevant Union and national law.
2. Information acquired pursuant to Articles 15, 20 and 25 and Article 26(3) shall be subject to professional secrecy and 
shall enjo y the prot ection afforded by the rules applicable to the Union institutions and the relevant national law, including 
the trigge ring of the provis ions applicable to the violation of those rules.
3. The Commission and the national author ities, their officials, servants and other persons working under the 
super vision of those author ities shall ensure the conf identiality of information and data obtained in carrying out their 
tasks and activities in such a manner as to protect in particular IP rights and sensitive business information or trade secrets. 
This oblig ation shall apply to all representatives of Member States, obser vers, exper ts and other participants attending 
meetings of the European Semiconductor Board pursuant to Article 28 and the members of the Semiconducto r 
Committ ee pursuant to Article 38(1).
4. The Commission shall provide for standardised and secure means for the collection, processing and storage of the 
information acquired pursuant to this Regulation.
5. The Commission and Member States may exchange, where necessar y, information acquired pursuant to Articles 20 
and 25 solely in an aggregat ed form preventing disclosure of any conclusions on the specific situation of a compan y in a 
Member State with compet ent author ities of third countr ies with which they have agreed on bilateral or multilat eral 
conf identiality arrangements to provid e an adequate level of confidentiality . Before the Commission or Member States 
engag e in any exchange of information, they shall notify the European Semiconducto r Board of the information to be 
shared and the relevant conf identiality arrang ement.
When exchanging information with the compet ent author ities of third countr ies, the Commission shall designat e and use a 
sing le point of contact in the Union to facilitate the transfer of such information or data in a conf idential manner pursuant 
to relevant Commission procedures.
6. The Commission may adop t implementing acts, as necessar y on the basis of the exper ience acquired in information 
gathering, to specify the practical arrange ments for the treatment of conf idential information in the cont ext of exchange of 
information pursuant to this Regulation. Those implementing acts shall be adopt ed in accordance with the examination 
procedure refer red to in Article 38(2).EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union L 229/40 18.9.2023  

--- Page 41 ---
Article 33
Penalties
1. The Commission may, where it deems it to be necessar y and propor tionate , adopt a decision to:
(a) impose fines, where an under taking, intentionall y or through gross negligence, supplies incor rect, incomplet e or 
misleading information in response to a request made pursuant to Article 25, or does not supply the information 
within the prescr ibed time limit ;
(b) impose fines, where an under taking, intentionally or through gross negligence, does not compl y with the obligation to 
inform the Commission of a third-countr y oblig ation pursuant to Article 25(7) and Article 26(3);
(c) impose periodic penalty payments, where an under taking, intenti onally or through gross negligence, does not compl y 
with an oblig ation to prioritise the production of crisis-relevant products pursuant to Article 26.
2. Before taking a decision pursuant to paragraph 1 of this Article, the Commission shall provid e an oppor tunity for 
under takings to be heard in accordance with Article 36. It shall take into account any duly reasoned justification presented 
by such under takings for the purpose of determining whether fines or periodic penalty payments are deemed necessar y and 
propor tionat e.
3. Fines imp osed in the cases refer red to in paragraph 1, point (a), shall not excee d EUR 300 000 .
Fines impos ed in the cases refer red to in paragraph 1, point (b), shall not excee d EUR 150 000 .
Where the under taking concer ned is an SME, the fines imposed shall not exceed EUR 50 000 .
4. Periodic penalty payments imposed in the case refer red to in paragraph 1, point (c), shall not excee d 1,5 % of the 
current daily turnover for each working day of non-com pliance with the oblig ation pursuant to Article 26 calculat ed from 
the date established in the decision in which the priority-rat ed order was issued.
Where the under taking concer ned is an SME, the periodic penalty payments imposed shall not exceed 0,5 % of the current 
daily turnover .
5. In fixing the amount of the fine or periodic penalty payment, the Commission shall take into consideration the 
nature, gravity and duration of the infringe ment, including in cases of non-com pliance with the oblig ation to accep t and 
prioritise a priority-rat ed order set out in Article 26, and whether the under taking has partially compl ied with the priority- 
rated order , taking due account of the principles of propor tionality and appropr iateness.
6. Where the under taking has fulfilled the requirements which the periodic penalty payment was intende d to enforce, 
the Commission may fix the definit ive amount of the periodic penalty payment at a figure lowe r than that which would 
arise under the original decision.
7. The Cour t of Justice shall have unlimit ed jurisdiction to review decisions whereby the Commission has fixed a fine or 
a periodic penalty payment. It may cancel, reduce or increase the fine or periodic penalty payment imposed.
Article 34
Limita tion period for the imposition of penalties
1. The powers conferr ed on the Commission by Article 33 shall be subject to the followi ng limitation periods:
(a) two years in the case of infringements of provisions concer ning requests of information pursuant to Article 25;
(b) two years in the case of infringe ments of provisions concer ning information oblig ation pursuant to Article 25(7) and 
Article 26(3);EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union 18.9.2023 L 229/41  

--- Page 42 ---
(c) three years in the case infringements of provisions concer ning the oblig ation to prioritise the production of crisis- 
relevant products pursuant to Article 26.
2. The limitation periods referred to in paragraph 1 shall begin to run on the day on which the infringement is 
committed. Where there are continuous or repeated infringements, the limitation periods shall begin to run on the day on 
which the last infringement was committed .
3. Any action taken by the Commission or the compet ent author ities of the Member States for the purpose of ensur ing 
compl iance with this Regulation shall interr upt the limitation period.
4. The interr uption of the limitation period shall apply for all the parties whic h are held responsible for the participation 
in the infringement.
5. Each interrupti on shall start the time running afresh. Howe ver, the limitation period shall expire at the latest on the 
day on which a period equal to twice the limitation period has elapsed without the Commission having imposed a fine or a 
periodic penalty payment. That period shall be extended by the time during whic h the limitation period is suspended 
because the decision of the Commission is the subject of proceedings pending before the Cour t of Justice.
Article 35
Limitation period for the enforcement of penalties
1. The power of the Commission to enforce decisions take n pursuant to Article 33 shall be subject to a limitation period 
of three years.
2. Time shall begin to run on the day on whic h the decision becomes final.
3. The limitation period for the enforcement of fines and periodic penalty payments shall be interr upted:
(a) by notifi cation of a decision varying the original amount of the fine or periodic penalty payment or refusing an 
application for variation;
(b) by any action of the Commission or of a Member State , acting at the request of the Commission, designed to enforce 
payment of the fine or periodic penalty payment.
4. Each interrupti on shall start time running afresh.
5. The limitation period for the enforcement of fines and periodic penalty payments shall be suspended for as long as:
(a) time to pay is allowed;
(b) enforcement of payment is suspended pursuant to a decision of the Cour t of Justice.
Article 36
Right to be heard for the imposition of penalties
1. Before adop ting a decision pursuant to Article 33, the Commission shall give the under taking concer ned the 
oppor tunity of being heard on:
(a) preliminar y find ings of the Commission, including any matt er to whic h the Commission has taken objections;
(b) measures that the Commission may intend to take in view of the preliminar y findings refer red to in point (a).
2. Under takings concer ned may submit their obser vations on the Commission’s preliminar y findings pursuant to 
paragraph 1, point (a), within a time limit which shall be fixed by the Commission in its preliminar y findings and which 
may not be less than 14 days.EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union L 229/42 18.9.2023  

--- Page 43 ---
3. The Commission shall base its decisions only on objections on whic h under takings concer ned have been able to 
comment.
4. The rights of defence of the under taking concer ned shall be fully respecte d in any proceedings. The under taking 
concer ned shall be entitled to have access to the Commission’s file under the term s of a negotiated disclosure, subject to 
the legitimate inter est of under takings in the protect ion of their business secrets. The right of access to the file shall not 
extend to conf idential information and intern al documents of the Commission or the author ities of the Member State s. In 
particular , the right of access shall not extend to correspondence between the Commission and the author ities of the 
Member State s. Nothing in this paragraph shall prevent the Commission from disclosing and using information necessar y 
to prove an infringement.
CHAPTE R VII
Delegation of power and committee procedure
Article 37
Exercise of the delegation
1. The power to adopt delegat ed acts is conferr ed on the Commission subject to the conditions laid down in this Article.
2. The power to adopt delegat ed acts refer red to in Article 12(2) and (3) and Article 17(2) shall be conferr ed on the 
Commission for an indet erminate period of time from 19 Sept ember 2023 .
3. The delegatio n of power refer red to in Article 12(2) and (3) and Article 17(2) may be revok ed at any time by the 
European Parliament or by the Council. A decision to revok e shall put an end to the delegatio n of the power specif ied in 
that decision. It shall take effect the day following the publication of the decision in the Official Journal of the European 
Union or at a later date specified therein. It shall not affect the validity of any delegat ed acts already in force.
4. Before adop ting a delegat ed act, the Commission shall consult exper ts designate d by each Member State in accordance 
with the principles laid down in the Interin stitutional Agreement of 13 Apr il 2016 on Better Law-Making.
5. As soon as it adopts a deleg ated act, the Commission shall notify it simultaneously to the European Parliament and to 
the Council.
6. A delegat ed act adopt ed pursuant to Article 12(2) or (3), or Article 17(2) shall enter into force only if no objection has 
been expressed either by the European Parliament or by the Council within a period of two months of the notifi cation of 
that act to the European Parliament and the Council or if, before the expir y of that period, the European Parliament and 
the Council have both informed the Commission that they will not object. That period shall be extended by two months at 
the initiative of the European Parliament or of the Council.
Article 38
Committee procedure
1. The Commission shall be assisted by a committee (the ‘Semiconduct or Committ ee’). That committee shall be a 
committee within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No 182/2011.
2. Where reference is made to this paragraph, Article 5 of Regulation (EU) No 182/2011 shall apply .
3. Where reference is made to this paragraph, Article 8 of Regulation (EU) No 182/2011, in conjunction with Article 5 
thereof, shall apply .EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union 18.9.2023 L 229/43  

--- Page 44 ---
CHAPTER VIII
Final provisions
Article 39
Amendments to Regulation (EU) 2021/694
Regulation (EU) 2021/694 is amended as follo ws:
(1) Article 3(2) is amended as follows:
(a) the introduct ory wording is replaced by the following:
‘2. The Programme shall have six interrelated specifi c objectives:’ ;
(b) the followi ng point is added:
‘(f) Specifi c Objective 6 – Semiconducto rs.’;
(2) the follo wing Article is inser ted:
‘Article 8a
Specif ic Objectiv e 6 – Semiconductors
The financial contr ibution from the Union under Specifi c Objective 6 – Semiconductors shall pursue the objectives 
laid down in Article 4(2), points (a) to (d), of Regulation (EU) 2023/1781 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council (*).
_____________
(*) Regulation (EU) 2023/1781 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 Septembe r 2023 establishing a 
framew ork of measures for strengthening Europe’s semiconduct or ecosystem and amending Regulation 
(EU) 2021/694 (Chips Act) OJ L 229, 18.9.2023, p. 1’;
(3) in Article 9, paragraphs 1 and 2 are replaced by the followi ng:
‘1. The financial envelope for the implementation of the Programme for the period from 1 Januar y 2021 to 
31 December 2027 shall be EUR 8 168 000 000 in current prices.
2. The indicative distr ibution of the amount refer red to in paragraph 1 shall be:
(a) EUR 2 019 914 000 for Specific Objective 1 – High Performance Com puting;
(b) EUR 1 663 956 000 for Specific Objective 2 – Artificial Intellig ence;
(c) EUR 1 399 566 000 for Specific Objective 3 – Cybersecur ity and Trust;
(d) EUR 507 347 000 for Specific Objective 4 – Advanced Digital Skills;
(e) EUR 1 002 217 000 for Specific Objective 5 – Deplo yment and Best Use of Digital Capacities and 
Interoperability ;
(f) EUR 1 575 000 000 for Specific Objective 6 – Semiconducto rs.’;
(4) in Article 11, paragraph 2 is replaced by the followi ng:
‘2. Cooperation with third countr ies and organisations as refer red to in paragraph 1 of this Article with respect to 
Specific Objectives 1, 2, 3 and 6 shall be subject to Article 12.’;
(5) in Article 12, paragraph 6 is replaced by the followi ng:
‘6. If duly justified for secur ity reasons, the work programme may also provide that legal entities established in 
associated countr ies and legal entities that are established in the Union but are controlled from third countr ies may 
be eligible to participate in all or some actions under Specifi c Objectives 1, 2 and 6 only if they comply with the 
requirements to be fulfilled by those legal entities to guarantee the protection of the essential secur ity inter ests of the 
Union and the Member States and to ensure the protection of classifie d documents information. Those requirements 
shall be set out in the work programme.’ ;EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union L 229/44 18.9.2023  

--- Page 45 ---
(6) in Article 13, the followi ng paragraph is added:
‘3. The synergies of Specifi c Objective 6 with other Union Programmes are descr ibed in Article 6 of and Annex III 
to Regulation (EU) 2023/1781.’ ;
(7) Article 14 is amended as follows :
(a) paragraph 1 is replaced by the followi ng
‘1. The Programme shall be implemented under direct management, in accordance with the Financial 
Regulation, or under indirect management by entr usting certain implementation tasks to the bodies refer red to 
in Article 62(1), first subparagraph, point (c), of the Financial Regulation, in accordance with Articles 4 to 8a of 
this Regulation. Bodies entr usted with the implementation of the Programme may depar t from the rules on 
participation and dissemination laid down in this Regulation only where such depar ture is provided for in the 
legal act that establishes those bodies or entr usts budge t implementation task s to them or, for the bodies refer red 
to in Article 62(1), first subparagraph, point (c)(ii), (c)(iii) or (c)(v), of the Financial Regulation, where such 
depar ture is provid ed for in the contr ibution agreement and the specific operating needs of such bodies or the 
nature of the action so require.’ ;
(b) the followi ng paragraph is added:
‘4. Where the conditions set in Article 27 of Regulation (EU) 2023/1781 are fulfilled, that Article shall apply .’;
(8) in Article 17, paragraph 1 is replaced by the followi ng:
‘1. Only actions contr ibuting to the achieve ment of the objectives laid down in Articles 3 to 8a shall be eligible for 
funding.’ ;
(9) in Annex I, the follo wing point is added:
‘Specific Objective 6 – Semiconducto rs
Actions under Specifi c Objective 6 are provided in Annex I to Regulation (EU) 2023/1781.’;
(10) in Annex II, the followi ng point is added:
‘Specific Objective 6 – Semiconducto rs
Measurable indicators to monitor the implementation and to repor t on the progress of Specifi c Objective 6 are 
provid ed in Annex II to Regulation (EU) 2023/1781.’;
(11) in Annex III, the follo wing point is added:
‘Specific Objective 6 – Semiconducto rs
Synergies with Union Programmes for Specific Objective 6 are provid ed in Annex III to Regulation (EU) 2023/1781.’.
Article 40
Evaluation and review
1. By 20 Septembe r 2026 and ever y four years thereaf ter, the Commission shall submit a repor t on the evaluation and 
review of this Regulation to the European Parliament and to the Council. The repor ts shall be made public.
2. For the purposes of the evaluation and review of this Regulation, the European Semiconducto r Board, the Member 
State s and national compet ent author ities shall provid e the Commission with information on its request.
3. In carrying out the evaluation and review the Commission shall take into account the positions and findings of the 
European Semiconductor Board, of the European Parliament, of the Council, and of other relevant bodies or sources.EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union 18.9.2023 L 229/45  

--- Page 46 ---
Article 41
Entr y into force
This Regulation shall enter into force on the third day following that of its publication in the Official Journal of the European 
Union.
This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States.
Done at Strasbourg, 13 Sept ember 2023 .
For the Europ ean Parliament
The President
R. METSOL AFor the Council
The President
J. M. ALBA RES BUENOEN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union L 229/46 18.9.2023  

--- Page 47 ---
ANNEX I 
ACTIONS 
Techn ical descr iption of the Initiative: scope of actions
The initial and, where appropr iate, subsequent actions suppor ted by the Initiative shall be implemented in accordance with 
the follo wing technical descr iption:
Part IDesign capacities for integrat ed semiconduct or technologies
The Initiative shall build up large-scale innovati ve design capacities for integrat ed semiconductor technologies through a 
virtual design platf orm available across the Union. The virtual design platf orm will consist of new innovati ve design 
facilities with extended librar ies and tools, integratin g a large number of existing and new technologies (including 
emerging technologies such as integrat ed photon ics, quantum and AI/neuromor phic). In combination with existing EDA 
tools, it will allow the design of innovati ve compo nents and new syste m concep ts and demonstrate key functionalities 
such as new approac hes to high performa nce, low energy , secur ity, new 3D and heterog eneous system architectures, etc.
Working closely with the user industr ies from a variety of economic sectors, the virtual design platf orm will connect the 
communities of design houses, IP and tool suppliers with research and technology organisations (RTOs) to provid e virtual 
prototype solutions on the basis of co-development of technology . Risks and development costs will be shared and new 
web-based methods of accessing design tools, with flexible cost models, especially for prot otyping, and common interface 
standards will be promot ed.
The virtual design platf orm shall be continuously upgraded with new design capabilities as it continuously integra tes more 
and more technologies and designs for low-po wer processors (including open-source, such as RISC- V). Further more, the 
virtual design platf orm may enable the design of other technologies, such as programmable chips based on field 
programmable gate arrays, new 3D and heterogeneous system archit ectures, etc. It will offer its services via the cloud, 
maximising access and openness to the whole community by netw orking existing and new design centres across the 
Member States.
Part IIPilot lines for prepar ing for innovati ve production, testing and validation
The Initiative shall suppor t pilot lines for production, testing and validation bridging the gap from the lab to the fab of 
advanced semiconduct or technologies, such as architectures and mate rials for power electronics fosteri ng sustainable and 
renewable energy , energy storage, smar t manufactur ing in accordance with the highest envi ronmental standards, 
automation and electro mobility , lowe r energy consum ption, cyber secur ity, functional safety , higher levels of computing 
performa nce or integrating breakthrough technologies such as neuromor phic and embedded AI chips, integrat ed 
photon ics, graphene and other 2D-mater ial-based technologies, integrating electronics and microf luidics in heterog eneous 
systems , technological solutions for increased sustainability and circular ity of electronic compo nents and systems . Focus 
areas include the follo wing:
(a) Pilot lines to exper iment, test, and validate, including through process design kits, the perf ormance of IP blocks, virtual 
prototypes, new designs and novel integrat ed hete rogeneous systems in an open and accessible way.
The virtual design platf orm will allow design exploration of new IP bloc ks and new system concept s to be tested and 
validated on the pilot lines through early process design kits, providing immediate feedback to refine and impro ve the 
models before transfer to manufact uring. From the start, the Initiative will expand several existing pilot lines, in 
synergy with the design infrastr ucture, to enable access for design and (virtual) prot otyping projects.
(b) New pilot lines on semiconductor technologies such as fully depleted silicon on insulator down to 10-7 nm, advanced 
gate-all-around and leading-edge nodes (e.g. below 2 nm), compl emented by pilot lines for 3D heterogeneous systems 
integration and advanced packag ing. The pilot lines will be integrating the lates t research and innovati on activities and 
their results.
The pilot lines will include a dedicated design infrastr ucture consisting for exam ple of design models simulating the 
fabr ication process for the design tools used to design circuits and systems -on-chip. This design infrastr ucture and a 
user -friendly virtualisation of the pilot lines will be established that will make them directly accessible throughout the EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union 18.9.2023 L 229/47  

--- Page 48 ---
Union via the virtual design platf orm. Such a link will enable the design community to test and validate technology 
options before these become commercially available. It will ensure that new chip and system design fully exploit the 
potential of new technologies and deliver cutting edge inno vation.
Together , these pilot lines will advance the Union’s IP, skills and inno vation in semiconduct or manuf actur ing 
technology and will reinf orce and expand the Union’s position in new manufactur ing equipment and mater ials for 
advanced semiconduct or technology modules, such as e.g. lithography and wafer technologies.
Close concer tation and collaboration with industr y shall be organised to guide this capacity expansion and the critical 
inclusion from the start of select ed qualified pilot lines involving for example advanced packag ing, 3D heterogeneous 
integration technology and impor tant additional functionalities such as silicon phot onics, power electronics, sensing 
technologies, silicon graphene and quantum technologies. This powerful exte nded Union-wide pilot line 
infrastr ucture, intimately connecte d with the design enablement infrastr ucture, is fundamental for expanding the 
Union’s kno wledge, capacity and capabilities to close the inno vation gap from publicly funded research to 
commercially funded manufactur ing, and to increase both demand and manufactur ing in the Union by the end of the 
decade.
Part IIIAdvanced technology and engineer ing capacities for quantum chips
The Initiative shall address the specific needs of the future generation of information-processing compo nents exploiting 
non-classical principles, in particular chips exploiting quantum effects (i.e. quantum chips) on the basis of research 
activities. Focus areas include the following:
(a) Innovative design librar ies for quantum chips building on the design and fabrication processes of the well-established 
processes of the classical semiconduct or industr y for semiconductor - and photon ics-based qubit platf orms; 
complement ed by the development of inno vative and advanced design librar ies and fabrication processes for the 
altern ative qubit platf orms that are not compati ble with semiconductors.
(b) Pilot lines for the integration of quantum circuits and control electronics for building quantum chips building on and 
capitalising on ongoing researc h; and, for provid ing access to dedicate d clean rooms and foundr ies for prot otyping 
and production, reducing the entr y-bar rier for the development and production of small volumes of quantum 
components and accelerating the innovati on cycles.
(c) Facilities for testing and validating advanced quantum compo nents, including those produced by the pilot lines, closing 
the innovation feedback loop between designers, producers and users of quantum components.
Part IV A netw ork of compet ence centres and skills development
The Initiative shall suppor t the following:
(a) The creation of a network of compet ence centres in each Member State to promote the use of these technologies, acting 
as interfaces to the virtual design platf orm and pilot lines, facilitating their effective use, and providing exper tise and 
skills to the stak eholders, including end-user SMEs. Compet ence centres will provide inno vative services to industr y, 
with particular attention to SMEs, academia and public author ities deliver ing tailored solutions to a wide variety of 
users that will foster wider uptak e of design and advanced technology in the Union. They will also assist in growing a 
highly skilled work force in the Union.
(b) On skills, specifi c training actions will be organised around design tools and semiconduct or technologies at a local, 
regional or Union-wide level. Scholar ships for graduat e studies will be suppor ted. These actions will compl ement 
industr ial commitments under the Pact for Skills, increasing the number of internships and apprenticeships, in 
collaboration with academia. Attention will also be paid to reskilling and upskilling programs for workers transfe rring 
from other sectors.EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union L 229/48 18.9.2023  

--- Page 49 ---
Part VChips Fund activities for access to capital by start-ups, scale-ups, SMEs and other compan ies in the 
semiconduct or value chain
The Initiative shall suppor t the creation of a thriving semiconduct or and quantum innovati on ecosystem by suppor ting 
wide access to venture capital for start-ups, scale-ups and SMEs to grow their business and expand their market presence in 
a sustainable manner .EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union 18.9.2023 L 229/49  

--- Page 50 ---
ANNEX II 
MEASURABLE INDIC ATORS TO MONITOR THE IMPLEMENT ATION AND TO REPORT ON THE 
PROGRESS OF THE INITIA TIVE TOWARDS THE ACHIEVEMENT OF ITS OBJECTIVES 
1. The number of legal entities involved (subdivided by size, type and countr y of establishment) in the actions suppor ted 
by the Initiative.
In relation to the Initiative’s operational objective 1:
2. The number of design tools developed or integrat ed under the Initiative.
In relation to the Initiative’s operational objective 2:
3. The total amount co-in vested by the private sector in design capacities and pilot lines under the Initiative.
In relation to the Initiative’s operational objective 3:
4. The number of users of semiconductors or user communities seeking, and the number of users of semiconduct ors or 
user communities obtaining, access to design capacities and pilot lines under the Initiative.
In relation to the Initiative’s operational objective 4:
5. The number of businesses, which have used the services of national compet ence centres suppor ted by the Initiative.
6. The number of persons who have successfully concluded training programmes suppor ted by the Initiative to acquire 
advanced skills and training on semiconduct or technologies and quantum technologies.
7. The number of active compet ence centres in the Union in the cont ext of the Initiative.
In relation to the Initiative’s operational objective 5:
8. The number of start-ups, scale-ups and SMEs that have received venture capital from the Chips Fund activities and the 
total amount of capital investments made.
9. The amount of investment by compan ies operating in the Union, including by segment of the value chain in which 
they operat e.EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union L 229/50 18.9.2023  

--- Page 51 ---
ANNEX III 
SYNER GIES WITH UNION PROGRAMMES 
1. Synergies of the Initiative with the Specific Objectives 1 to 5 of the Digital Europe Programme shall ensure that:
(a) the target ed thematic focus of the Initiative on semiconduct or and quantum technologies is compl ementar y;
(b) Specifi c Objectives 1 to 5 of the Digital Europe Programme suppor t digital capacity building in the advanced digital 
technologies, including High Performance Computing, AI and cybersecur ity, and advanced digital skills;
(c) the Initiative will invest in capacity building to reinf orce advanced design, production and systems integration 
capabilities in cutting-edg e semiconduct or technologies, next-ge neration semiconduct or technologies and cutting-edg e 
quantum technologies for innovati ve business development, strengthening the Union’s semiconduct or supply and 
value chains, serving key industr ial sectors and creating new mark ets.
2. Synergies with Hor izon Europe shall ensure that:
(a) although thematic areas addressed by the Initiative and several areas of Hor izon Europe converg e, the type of actions to 
be suppor ted, their expected outputs and their inter vention logic are different and compl ementar y;
(b) Hor izon Europe provid es extensive suppor t for research , technological development, demonstration, piloting, proof- 
of-concept, testing and prototypi ng, including pre-commercial deplo yment of inno vative digital technologies, in 
particular through:
(i) a dedicate d budget in the pillar ‘Global Challenges and European Industr ial Com petitiveness’ for the cluster ‘Digital, 
Industr y and Space’ to develop enabling technologies (AI and robotics, Next Generation internet, High 
Performance Com puting and Big Data, key digital technologies (incl. microelectronics), combining digital with 
other technologies);
(ii) suppor t to research infrastr uctures under the pillar ‘Excellent Science’ ;
(iii) the integration of digital across all the Global Challenges (health, secur ity, energy and mobility , climate , etc.); and
(iv) suppor t for scale-up breakthrough innovati ons under the pillar ‘Innova tive Europe’ (many of whic h will combine 
digital and other technologies).
(c) the Initiative is excl usively focusing on building large-scale capacities in semiconductor and quantum technologies 
across the Union. It will invest in:
(i) fostering innovati on by suppor ting two closely interlinked technological capacities that enable designing novel 
system concepts and their testing and validation in pilot lines;
(ii) providin g target ed suppor t to build training capacity and enhance applied advanced digital compet ences and skills 
to suppor t development and deplo yment of semiconduct ors by technology development and end-user industr ies; 
and
(iii) a netw ork of national compet ence centres, which facilitat e access and provide exper tise and innovation services to 
end-user communities and industr ies, to develop new products and applications and to address mark et failures .
(d) the technology capacities of the Initiative will be made available to the research and innovati on community , including 
for actions suppor ted through Hor izon Europe;
(e) as the development of novel digital technologies in the area of semiconductors matures through Hor izon Europe, those 
technologies where possible progressively will be taken up and deplo yed by the Initiative;
(f) the Hor izon Europe programmes of Regulation (EU) 2021/695 for the development of skills and compet encies 
curricula, including those delivered at the co-location centres of the European Institute of Innovation & Techn ology’s 
Knowledg e and Innovatio n Communities, are complement ed by capacity building in advanced applied digital skills 
and compet ences in semiconduct or and quantum technologies suppor ted by the Initiative;EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union 18.9.2023 L 229/51  

--- Page 52 ---
(g) strong coordination mech anisms for programming and implementation are put in place, aligning all procedures for 
both Hor izon Europe and the Initiative to the exte nt possible. Their govern ance structures will involve all Commission 
services concer ned.
3. Synergies with Union programmes under shared management, including the European Regional Development Fund, 
the European Social Fund Plus, the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development and the European Mar itime, 
Fisher ies and Aquacul ture Fund, shall ensure the development and strengthening of regional and local inno vation 
ecosystem s, industr ial transf ormation, as well as the digital transf ormation of society and of public administrations. 
This includes suppor t for the digital transf ormation of industr y and the take-up of results, as well as the rolling out of 
novel technologies and inno vative solutions. The Initiative will compl ement and suppor t the transnational netw orking 
and mapping of capacities it will suppor t and make them accessible to SMEs and end-user industr ies in all Union 
regions.
4. Synergies with the Connecting Europe Faci lity shall ensure that:
(a) the Initiative focuses on large-scale digital capacity and infrastr ucture building in the areas of semiconduct ors aiming at 
the wide uptak e and deplo yment across the Union of critical existing or tested innovative digital solutions within a 
Union framework in areas of public inter est or market failure. The Initiative is mainly to be implement ed through 
coordinated and strateg ic inve stments with Member States, in building digital capacities in semiconduct or 
technologies to be shared across the Union and in Union-wide actions. This is particularly relevant in electr ification 
and autonomous driving, and is intended to benefit and facilitate the development of more compet itive end-use 
industr ies, particularly in the mobility and transpor t sector s;
(b) the capacities and infrastr uctures of the Initiative are to be made available to testing of inno vative new technologies and 
solutions that can be taken up in the mobility and transpor t industr ies. The Connecting Europe Facility is to suppor t 
the roll-out and deplo yment of inno vative new technologies and solutions in the field of mobility and transpor t as 
well as in other domains;
(c) coordination mechanis ms are to be established, in particular through appropr iate governance structures.
5. Synergies with InvestEU Programme shall ensure that :
(a) suppor t through mark et-based financing, including pursuing policy objectives under the Initiative is provid ed by 
Regulation (EU) 2021/523; such mark et-based financing might be combined with the grant suppor t;
(b) a blending facility under the InvestEU Fund is suppor ted by financing provi ded by Hor izon Europe or the Digital 
Europe Programme in the form of financia l instr uments within blending operations.
6. Synergies with Erasmus+ shall ensure that:
(a) the Initiative suppor ts the development and acquisition of the advanced digital skills needed for the development and 
deplo yment of cutting-edge semiconduct or technologies in cooperation with relevant industr ies;
(b) the advanced skills part of Erasmus+ compl ements the inter ventions of the Initiative, addressing the acquisition of skills 
in all domains and at all levels through mobility exper iences.
7. Synergies with other Union programmes and initiatives on compet encies and skills shall be ensured.EN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union L 229/52 18.9.2023  

--- Page 53 ---
ANNEX IV 
CRITIC AL SECTORS 
1. Energy
2. Transpor t
3. Banking
4. Financial mark et infrastr ucture
5. Health
6. Drinking water
7. Waste water
8. Digital infrastr ucture
9. Public administration
10. Space
11. Production, processing and distr ibution of food
12. Defence
13. Secur ityEN Offi cial Jour nal of the European Union 18.9.2023 L 229/53  
