--- Page 1 ---
 
 
 
CALL FOR EVIDENCE  
FOR A N INITIATIVE  (without an impact assessment)  
TITLE OF THE INITIATIVE  A European strategy for AI in science  - paving the way for a European AI research 
council  
LEAD DG – RESPONSIBLE UNIT  DG RTD , Unit E4, Industry 5.0 and AI in Science  
LIKELY TYPE OF INITIATIVE  Communication from the Commission to the European Parliament, the Council, 
the European Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions  
INDICATIVE TIMING  Q3-2025 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  https://research -and-innovation.ec.europa.eu/research -area/industrial -research -
and-innovation/artificial -intelligence -ai-science_en   
 
A. Political c ontext , problem definition and subsidiarity check  
Political c ontext   
Artificial intelligence (AI) is revolutioni sing a number  of sectors, with science being particularly 
affected. These advancements are expected to quicken the pace of scientific discoveries, leading to 
important and positive economic and societal outcomes .  
AI in science presents a  compet itiveness opportunity for Europe, in line with the political guidelines of 
the Commission  (2024 -29). It support s ‘a new plan for Europe’s sustainable prosperity and 
competitiveness’ , with ‘research and innovation at the heart of our economy’. The Draghi report  flagged 
the need to focus on advanced technologies (such as AI) to regain competitiveness . The Letta report  
recognise d the opport unity to position the EU as a global AI hub and win the race for AI applications .  
Acknowledging AI ’s strategic significance in science, the Commission is committed to develop ing a 
comprehensive strategy to enable scientists across the EU to adopt this technology.  
This strategy is mentioned in Commissioner Zaharieva ’s mission letter  as a policy priority , together with 
an AI initiative  to pool resources . The European strategy for AI in science  will be adopted  together with 
the Apply AI strategy . Both strategies will foll ow a blueprint that will be d efine d in the  overarching AI 
continent  strategy , linking the different AI -related policy initiatives . The Apply AI strategy will support 
the development and deployment of AI in various sectors, including science  as a special sector . The 
European strategy for AI in science will develop targeted policies to serve the needs of the European 
scientific ecosystem, ensuring that the scientific community can effectively harness  AI to advance 
science  and taking into account other related ongoing and planned  EU initiatives . 
Problem the initiative aims to tackl e  
This strategy will tackle  the limited adoption of AI in European scientific activities  compared with the 
global leaders . This  affec ts the speed and quality of scientific output , reduc ing the impact of EU science 
global ly. A declining share of scientific impact and breakthroughs  diminishes the EU’s  opportunities for 
economic growth, competitiveness and a knowledge  economy . It also increases the technological 
dependenc y on external players  and reduc es the EU’s overall strategic autonomy.  
Several countries and private institutions are already moving rapidly in this direction , and the EU needs 
to be at the forefront . The US A, through the Department of Energy or the National Science Foundation , 
is putting in motion ambitious initiatives around AI in science like NAIRR  and FASST . China  is 
supporting the integration of AI in science through program mes and infrastructure , while in the UK the 
Royal Society  and the UKRI  have analysed  the impact of AI in science and propos ed policy actions. At 
the same time, big tech companies are investing massively in science with AI .  
Ref. Ares(2025)2923892 - 10/04/2025


--- Page 2 ---
 
    
            2 The adoption of AI in science in the EU is impacted by elements that affect the overall uptake of AI in 
all sectors  (e.g. comput ation , data, talent) , but the scientific context  has significant specificities . 
Basis for EU action  (legal basis and subsidiarity check)  
Legal basis  
The initiative falls under the policy area ‘research and technological development’ , where the EU and its 
Member States share powers in line with Article 4(3) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union (TFEU).  
Article 181 TFEU states that the EU and its Member States ‘shall coordinate their research  and 
technological development activities so as to ensure that national policies and Union policy are mutually 
consistent ’. The Commission may under take any useful initiative to promote this coordination . 
Practical n eed for EU action  
A European intervention could activate, mobilise and  coordinat e efforts across different policies with 
Member States and other relevant stakeholders (like universities , research organisation s, research 
funders, etc.) , sharing best practices or pooling resour ces. 
The Commission could lead the efforts  in this area  by providing guidance, policy analysis  and monitoring 
developments . It can use EU funding  (e.g. Horizon Europe , Digital Europe ) as a policy lever , and could 
defend  European interests in international fora, taking into account  AI-relevant  EU initiatives . 
B. What does the initiative aim to achieve  and how   
This initiative aims to make it easier for  EU scientists to unlock  the full potential of AI in their activities  
by using and developing new  AI tools  for science , and contribut ing to the overall AI ecosystem in the 
EU. This strategy  will explore the challenges and opportunities around AI in science and sketch  the 
policy interventions most effective to accelerate this transition. The strategy will address different policy 
aspects such as coordination with Member States; adaptation of funding instruments ; facilitat ing access  
to infrastructure ; modernising  the sci entific data ecosystem ; and  developing communities on the use  and 
development  of AI in the different scientific domains, skills and training policies, etc.  
Likely impacts  
The strategy will support scientists and research organisations  so that:  
• policie s for AI in science , at EU and national level, are coordinated  to maximise impact ;  
• funding instruments and investments  in science  better serve the needs of AI -enabled  science  and 
facilitate collaboration with the private sector ; 
• specific  AI tools  for science,  like scientific foundation models , are developed and accessible ; 
• scientists acquire  AI skills and  increase interdisciplinarity ( e.g. collaboration between AI and 
domain scientists  to build new AI tools  and models for science );  
• scientists are better informed and equipped to tac kle AI limitations and potential ethical , privacy  
and security risks . 
The strategy will therefore capitalise on AI to facilitate more and be tter science, increasing the research 
and innovation (R&I) capabilities of the EU. In this way, the strategy will boost the capacity of R&I to 
achieve economic impact and tackle societal challenges. It will also help to deliver directly on some of 
the targets of the UN Sustainable Development Goals, such as improving scientific research and 
upgrading technological capabilities. In addition, the strategy will pave the way for further actions to 
pool reso urces and accelerate the uptake of AI in science .  
Future monitoring  

--- Page 3 ---
 
    
            3 Due to the fast-paced  developments on AI , its impact in science will have to be followed closely to ensure 
that policies and guidelines keep  up with this trend . Qualitative  and quantitative  analysis  (whe re possible)  
will be used to regularly monitor t he impact and goals of the different policies  proposed . 
C. Better regulation  
Impact assessment   
N/A. 
The AI in science strategy will be presented in a Commission Communication . This type of document 
does not require an impact assessment.  
Consultation strategy   
The primary objective of this consultation is to gather relevant and diverse inputs to support the 
development and implementation of a robust and forward -looking AI in science strategy for the EU.   
The main stakeholde rs identified are in  research and academia: researchers, research and academic 
organisations, funders , research infrastructure , etc.  The p rivate sector is also relevant, in particular 
European  R&I intensive companies , including start -ups.  
The consultation will be implemented through targeted consultation activities, including online 
questionnair es, workshops, interviews, focus groups, etc. The activities will take place mo stly in Q1-
2025 and in parts of Q2 -2025.  
These consultation activities  will use the different networks of R&I stakeholders  as multipliers, for 
example through the European Research Area ( ERA ) Forum . It will build on the extensive consultations 
done in recent years with the Member States and stakeholders to prepar e for this strategy: policy brief on 
harnessing the power of AI to accelerate discovery and foster innovation , guidelines on the use of 
generative AI in research , a Mutual Learning Exercise with ERA countries,  and the opinion from the 
Scientific Advice Mechanism on AI in science . Consultations conducted as part  of the Apply AI strategy, 
especially those involving R&I intensive start -ups, can also provide v aluable input and contributions to 
this consultation.  
In line with the Commission’s better regulation policy to develop initiatives informed by the best 
available knowledge, we also invite scientific researchers as well as academic organisations, learned 
societies and scientific associations with expertise in the use of AI in science  to submit relevant published 
and pre -print scientific research, analyses and data. Given the importance of evidence -based 
policymaking at both EU and national level, we particularly encourage submissions that synthesise the 
current state of knowledge in relevan t fields.  
The inputs from the different consultation activities with stakeholders will be summarised in a short 
report . 
 
