--- Page 1 ---
 
 
 
  CALL FOR EVIDENCE  
FOR AN IMPACT ASSESSMENT  
This document aims to inform the public and stakeholders  on the Commission's future legislative work  so they 
can provide feedback on the Commission's understanding of the problem and possible solutions and  give any 
relevant information that they may have, including on possible impacts of the different options.  
TITLE OF THE INITIATIVE  Cloud and AI Development Act 
LEAD DG (RESPONSIBLE UNIT )  Directorate ‑General for Communications Networks, Content and Technology  – 
Unit E2 - Cloud and Software  
LIKELY TYPE OF INITIATIVE  Legislative proposal  
INDICATIVE TIMETABLE  Q4 2025 / Q1 2026  
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Cloud computing | Shaping Europe’s digital future  
This document is for information purposes only. It does not prejudge the final decision of the Commission on whether this 
initiative will be pursued or  on its final content. All elements of the initiative described, including its timing, are subject to 
change.  
A. Political c ontext , problem definition and subsidiarity check    
Political context (max 10 lines)  
Current estimates and  projections of European computing infrastructure  point to a gap between available 
capacity and needs, in particular  to accommodate the demands stemming from AI . The 2024 Draghi report  
recognize s the importance of increasing computational capacity  in the EU  as a critical component of a mature 
data economy which underpins many established and emerging digital use cases , particularly for AI 
development . Against this backdrop , the Cloud and AI Development Act is one of the headline digital polic ies 
outlined in the 2025 Competitiveness Compass  and listed in the Mission letter  to Executive Vice -President  Henna 
Virkkunen  alongside  a single EU -wide cloud policy for public administrations and public procurement . This 
initiative is part of the actions foreseen in the AI Continent Action Plan.   
Problem the initiative aims to tackle  (max 20 lines)  
Training , fine -tuning,  and running  AI models demand  massive computational resources.  While training requires 
large centralised computational capacity, the more decentralis ed cloud and edge computing are key enablers of 
smaller fine -tuning operations and of inference.  Data centres play a key role in housing and running the 
necessary devices and equipment. The EU c urrently lags behind the US and China in terms of available data 
centre capacity. The initiative aims to  tackle the currently unfavo urable conditions for the private sector to close 
this capacity gap in a way that prioritises highly sustainable solutions.  
To this end, the initiative seeks to address the problems that currently inhibit the expansion of the  EU’s data 
centre  capacity . These include difficulties  in accessing natural resources (energy, water, land), as well as  
complicated  and slow permitting processes , with approaches differing between Member State s. The construction 
process is highly capital -intensive, creating barriers of entry for new players, and can be negatively affected by 
difficulties in obtaining technology components  and capital . The energy and water consumption of data centres 
is rising and  expanding capacity can further strain such  resources , particularly in view of  the current strong 
geographical concentrat ion of data centres in the  North -West of the  EU. Technological innovation  in data centre 
equipment and operations  promises significant resource savings but remains underexplo ited. At the same time, 
high energy prices negativel y affect the competitiveness of the sector  in the EU .  
Another problem that the initiative seeks to tackle is the lack of a competitive  EU-based  offer of cloud computing 
services  at sufficient scale  to serve highly  critical use cases  with particular ly high security  needs , as found  in 
various economic sectors  and the public sector .   
Basis for EU action (legal basis and s ubsidiarity check )  
Legal basis  
This intervention will be based on Art 114 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU), whose 
objective is the establishment and functioning of the internal market by enhancing measures for the 
approximation of national rules.  The intervention would advance  the functioning of the internal market  by ensuring  
Ref. Ares(2025)2878100 - 09/04/2025


--- Page 2 ---
 
    
            2 that EU businesses and public administrations can benefit from  geographically balanced access to cloud and 
edge computing  services , including for the development and adoption  of AI.  
The intervention will also ensure the conditions necessary for the competitiveness and innovation capacity of the 
Union and  will therefore  also be based on Article 173(3) TFEU. Specifically, the intervention would boost the 
availability of computational capacity, for the benefit of users in the private and public sector ; facilitate the 
development and uptake of innovative compute solutions in the EU, including for the benefit of  start-ups and 
SMEs ; and encourage new and targeted investment in the EU’s digital infrastructure  and services .  
Practical need for EU action  
While  Member States can in principle enact appropriate measures at national level, the problems identified have 
the same underlying causes across the EU and thus require a coordinated and harmonised approach , especially 
in light of the objective for the EU to  becom e an AI continent  and in order to meet the EU’s 2030 Digital Decade 
targets .  
As data flows freely in the EU , purely national approaches to investing in  the infrastructure that powers data 
storage and processing  would not represent an efficient use of financial resources. National approaches  could 
further reinforce the geographical concentration of  data centres  and would risk leaving unexploited the 
considerations of efficient distribution of such infrastructure throughout the EU territory.  National approaches t o 
overcoming bottlenecks such as access to natural resources  or capital could result in  further geographical 
concentration  and lead to a further fragmentation of the rules applicable to this sector .  
B. Objectives and policy options (max 20 lines)  
The initiative  will create the right conditions for the private sector to build out sustainable cloud and edge  capacity 
in the EU  and address the current  data centre capacity  gap with t he underlying objective to strengthen the EU’s 
competitiveness  and sovereignty. The initiative’s objectives  fall into three main categories.  
• Advance research and innovation to make the EU a leader in resource -efficient data processing 
infrastructures, software, and services  by advanc ing the sustainab ility of  AI data processing along the 
compute continuum  and, on the data centre level, by improving power management, cooling, general 
operations, and integration into energy and water systems .  
• Triple the EU’s data centre capacity  within the next 5 -7 years  by promoting and creating the right 
conditions for attracting  and supporting  investment in sustainable data centre s across the EU , notably 
by tackling obstacles  such as long permitting times  and difficulties in accessing  energy, water, land, and 
capital , and by offering possible financial support in line with applicable State aid rules to data centres 
with a high innovation and sustainability contribution .  
• Ensure that  a set of narrowly defined  highly  critical use cases can be  operated using highly secure  EU-
based cloud capacity , while creating the conditions for the EU cloud industry to develop secure 
processing capabilities to serve the needs of these highly  critical use cases.  
At this stage of reflection, the Commission is considering  the following preliminary set of policy options :  
Option 0  is the baseline scenario  against  which the further policy options will be compared. It will take into 
account existing national and EU policies and important technological or social developments.  
Option 1  is the non-legislative  option . This option would foresee the adoption of  non-binding measures such 
as the set -up of a network of Member States tasked with monitoring their strategies  to achieve  the Digital Decade 
targets  or Guidelines for Member States to coordinate their cloud strategies, investments and designation of 
suitable sites for new data centres.  
Option 2  is the soft regulatory  approac h. Under this option, the Commission could adopt binding measures 
through  a Directive , leaving  national authorities the choice of form and methods to address their computing 
capacity deficit . 
Option 3  is the regulatory approach . Under this option, binding measures  could be defined  in the form of  a 
Regulation . This option would identify a set of measures to be applied across  Member State s for the 
harmonisation of cloud policies in order to address the  comput ational  capacity deficit and coordinat e the support 
for the emergence of a trustworthy EU infrastructure ecosystem.  
Option 4  is the comprehensive regulatory approach , which would  focus on  binding measures to address the 
comput ational  capacity deficit  in the EU  complemented with  the creation of a distinct independent agency to 
ensure  consistent enforcement  and manage Member States’  joint invest ment  to develop and own a trustworthy 
European cloud infrastructure ecosystem .   
C.  Likely impacts  (max 10 lines)  

--- Page 3 ---
 
    
            3 This initiative is expected to have the following impacts:  
• Economic by stimulating  research and development  as well as investment ; boosting resilience  and 
technological sovereignty , strengthening security of supply  in comput ational  capacity  and cloud services ; 
and increasing  the number  and quality of solutions  available to  businesses and consumers   
• Social by boosting digital  public services, and through spillover effects on  employment  and contributing 
to overcoming the digital divide .  
• Environmental  and sustainability  by boosting the rollout of sustainable infrastructures and improving  
resource use (e.g. land, water and energy ). 
This initiative also aims at improv ing the business environment  for companies operating in the EU, including  for 
SMEs  through simplification and broader stimulation  of the investment environment.  
D. Better regulation  instruments (max 10 lines)  
Impact assessment  
An impact assessment , supported by evidence collection and stakeholder consultation s, will be carried out in 
2025 to inform the Commission ’s proposal.  It will be prepared  and conducted  in line with the Better Regulation 
guidelines  and toolbo x. The impact assessment will also benefit from the findings of a study that the Commission 
has contracted to collect high -quality evidence . The contractor carrying out this study will also engage with 
stakeholder s through additional surveys and workshops in the first half of 2025.  
Consultation strategy   
The Commission will consult widely to gather key information and ensure that the public interest is well reflected 
in the design of a possible intervention on the development of Cloud and AI in Europe . 
In parallel to the publication of this Call for Eviden ce to gather  feedback on the Commission's understanding of 
the problem , possible solutions and any relevant information on the impact of the different options  considered , a 
public consultation will be  launched to gather specific views on different aspects  related to this initiative. It will be 
published  on the 'Have your Say'  portal  and will be  in English, French  and German  A factual summary report will 
be published on the Commission’s website after the public consultation is closed.   
In addition, targeted consultations with experts covering different domains will be carried out by an external 
contractor through a s tudy supporting the impact assessment . In addition to targeted consultations, the study will 
also encompass a broader stakeholder workshop. The Commission will summarise the findings of the 
consultation  activities  in a synopsis report  which will be annexed  to the impact assessment . 
Why we are consulting?  
Through this consultation, the Commission would like to gather:  
• stakeholders’ views on the  current and emerging  problems related to the  gap in EU comput ational  
capacity  with a focus on cloud and edge computing and their enabling technologies ; 
• stakeholders’ views on the possible policy approaches to address such problems, the available options 
and their potential impact s; and 
• evidence and data underpinning these views .   
Target audience  
This consultation aims to gather the views of a variety of stakeholders. These include:  
• Public authorities : local, regional, national and European Union bodies   
• Cloud, edge, telco providers  
• Data centre operators   
• AI developers  and providers  
• Cloud, edge, telco, and AI users  
• Financial institutions , investors , funds  of digital infrastructure   
• Other organizations than the above, namely academic and research institutions, consumer 
organisations , non-governmental organisations , and business associations   
• Citizens   
 
All stakeholders are invited to participate . 
 
